Interview   Technology    Movie Review      Questions?

                                  issue 4 OCTOBER 2012




                 discovering talents for gods’ kingdom




Maria
Clara
 painting for jesus
                                      THINK OF THESE
                                     THINGS. pHIL 4:6
                                    why god allows
                                problem in our life?
                                   PANDITA RAMABAI:
                             INDIAN SOCIAL REFORMER
editorial
                                             and princi-

A B C’s                                      ples of family
                                             life. You may
                                             be tempted


of Life
                                             to become
                                             unfaithful to
                                             your spouse,
                                             but learn to
Everything has got certain basic princi- apply brake
ples. Unless the basic principles are fol-   to your lust,
lowed, it will be very difficult to achieve seeing the
the required and expected result. In         RED light
the same manner, for a happy and             ahead you.
successful life, every one has to follow     Do not force
some basic principles in life. We need       your mind and eyes to read the RED
wisdom and understanding to know             signal as GREEN, as this can endanger
these principles along with a desire and your family life. A diabetic patient can
will to follow the principles for a victori- not eat whatever he wants. He need to
ous life.                                    control his diet. All that glitters are NOT
                                             gold and all that we eat are not sweet.
A driving student will first learn the ABC   There could be some sugar coated
of driving before he takes the vehicle-      capsules which may sweeten your lips
Accelerator, Brake and Clutch. A per-        but are bitter after chewing.
son who learns the proper use of these
A-B-C- will be given licence to drive a      Never say YES when you want to say
vehicle. Almost all accidents are the re- NO. We should know our limits. Never
sult of improper use of these A-B-Cs by      proceed when you feel the light is RED.
any of the driver. We can increase the Apply brake to your mind whenever is
speed of the vehicle by accelerating         required. We should be able to control
it, but should not forget to apply brakes our mind as a horse is controlled by the
when you come across junctions or see bit and girdle. We should learn to apply
a RED signal. Violation of the traffic rules A-B-C to our THOUGHTS, WORDS and
can lead us to accidents.                    ACTIONS for a happy and successful
                                             life.
Life is also like this. We have every free-
dom to lead our life as we wish, but         King Solomon Says, “ Wisdom is su-
there are some rules to be followed          preme, therefore get wisdom. Though
and some A-B-Cs to be used. We will          it cost all you have, get understanding.
be tempted to go very fast in the mod- I guide you in the way of wisdom and
ern EXPRESS track in life, but make sure, lead you along straight paths. When
the rules are not violated. We may use       you walk, your steps will not be ham-
many methods to become rich very             pered and when you run you will not
fast, but see that it is not achieved        stumble. Do not set foot on the path of
at the cost of somebody’s future or          the wicked”- (Proverbs 4: 7-15).
through some unlawful ways.
                                             May God Bless you.
We can enjoy life as much as we want,
but always remember the basic ethics                                   Premasis Satman
                                                                      Executive Director
2       5Talents Magazine
Table of Contents
cOVER FEATURE                         Talent Search # 5
  Featuring Maria Clara, a hyderabad
  based artist who has discovered her
  talent to use her creativity to make
  biblical painting which helps her to
  share the Gospel to the world. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 4



Infographic
Think of these things
Discribing eight things that God wants us to think
about it.                                       ............................ 8


                                                                                         Movie Review
                          October Baby
                          A college freshman’s world is rocked when she learns
                          she is the adopted survivor of an attempted abortion.
                          On a journey to discover her hidden past and find hope
                          for her unknown future, Hannah discovers that Every Life
                          is Beautiful.                                . . . . . . . . . 20



Missionary Story
Pandita Ramabai - Indian Social Reformer
Pandita Ramabai was a scholar, poet, visionary
and an eminent social reformer. She has translated
Bible into marathi language.           . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 16


articles
Why God allows problem in our life? . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 10

What is the Christian view of smoking?. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 12
                        Is smoking sin?              - www.gotaquestions.org
Waiting on God: The God of our Salvation . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 14
                          - Andrew Murray

                                                                                           October 2012                         3
Ma r i a                                              painting


Clara
deepakshi SATMAN
                                                      for
                                                      jesus

We are so glad to meet Maria Clara,    and TV media. She has found the joy
a Hyderabad based artist, who has      in playing with the colors where she
discovered her talent to use her       create arts from the events or a topic
creativity to make biblical painting   from the Bible. When the non-believ-
which helps her to share the Gospel    ers asks her about the meaning of
to the world.                          the painting, she shares the word of
                                       God throught it. Amazing isn’t it?
Her paintings were exhibited several
times in the churches and in pub-      We thank Maria Clara for her time
lic auditoriums. She has also been     and permission to interview her. May
features in the leading news papers    God bless her exceedingly in her life.
4     5Talents Magazine                              Share it : www.5talents.in
5Talents: Hello Maria, Greetings from     glass painting & pottery. The training
5Talents, how are you?                    was organized by Atiya Ahmed of Di-
Greetings to you and 5Talents read-       ara Art Gallery, Banjara Hills.I joined
ers in Jesus Name. Thank you for          the oil painting group and picked
featuring me on this magazine.            up the basics from Artist Ashish. I did
                                          a few paintings initially which were
5Talents: When and how did you            not related to the Bible but one day
come to faith in Christ Jesus as your     felt I should paint on Biblical subjects.
personal Saviour?                         We have many friends coming home
I come from a Roman Catholic Back-        with whom we wanted to share the
ground and God in His grace had           goodness of God but found it difficult
a special plan for me and my fam-         sometimes to bring up the topic. That
ily. We got acquainted with a neigh-      was when I realized that I could paint
bor, Mrs.Kavita who was a Hindu but       the incidents in the Bible. Through the
had accepted Jesus as her saviour.        paintings we share the word of God.
She used to tell us about all that is
written in the Vedas with references
about Jesus being the Saviour of the
World. God also used her to open
our eyes that idols were not accept-
able to Him. We as a family began
to thirst more to hear about the word
of God, instead of being ritualistic. I
received Jesus as my personal sav-
iour on the 5th of November 1991
while attending a one day retreat
at the Hebron church, at Golcon-
da X roads. I’m married to Ch.Sushil
Rao, a journalist for the Times of In-
dia and have a son Ch Nishan Sam-
preeth, studying in the tenth standard
at Little Flower High School, Uppal.
                                          5Talents: How has Christ Jesus inspired
5Talents: Please share about the tal-     you in your art work?
ents you have received from God?          Jesus is the central theme of all
God has been gracious and has             my paintings. The idea behind
blessed me with the talent of painting.   every painting is to tell the gos-
                                          pel - about how Jesus died on the
5Talents: How and when did you dis-       cross for our sins and rose again.
cover your talent?
I strongly believe that nothing hap-      Though I just had basic knowledge
pens by accident or incidentally to       in painting, it is the Lord who guid-
His children. In the year 2006 the com-   ed me in creating the works of art.
pany that I work for GENPACT organ-       God says, ‘My grace is sufficient for
ized a week’s workshop in oil painting,   you, for my power is made perfect

                                                             October 2012        5
in weakness’” (2 Cor 12:9). I attend         painted 68 incidents from the Bible.
The King’s Temple regularly and every        I did my bit but God performed a great
week the teachings of my senior pas-         miracle. The photographs of the paint-
tors, Pastor Samuel Raj Kumar Patta          ings have been published worldwide.
and Pastor Merlyn Patta give me the          AFP photographer Noah Seelam took
inspiration to work on new paintings.        special interest in the paintings and
Their teachings from the Bible give          the photographs have appeared
me the ideas that can be put on can-         in Forbes,The Day life,The Sun Daily,
vas. But apart from that, it is only af-     The Wall Street, India Today, Hindu-
ter my personal experience with God          stan Times among to name a few.
in every situation that I create a new
painting. There is a painting of Daniel      In what ways you can reach the peo-
in the Lion’s den. The contemporary          ple more in number with your talent?
oil painting shows humans with faces         I have held several exhibitions.
of lions. Daniel is relaxed in their pres-   At Andhra Christian Theological
ence. In every day situations, there         College,Hyderabad, the principal
are people who might want to harm            Rev.Dr.Ch.Vasantha Rao and the
us but when we trust in God, we can          college management had organ-
be as relaxed and the Lord will shut         ized a three-day exhibition in August
the mouths that are against you.             2011 which was visited by more than
Another painting is of the woman in          300 people. I could explain the great
the Bible who experiences a miracle as       miracles of God and His love through
the little oil that she has is poured into   the paintings to several non-Christians
several jars but it does not stop. She       who had come. I was greatly hon-
was obedient to the prophet and she          oured with the the visit of stalwarts like
experienced as miracle. So far I have        Artist P Solomon Raj of Vijayawada
                                                          and Artist Jyothi Sahi of
                                                          Bangalore to my art
                                                          gallery at my home in
                                                          Nagole near Uppal in Hy-
                                                          derabad.

                                                          Another exhibition was or-
                                                          ganized by MLA Christine
                                                          Lazarus on the occasion
                                                          of UN World Women’s Day
                                                          at Hari Hara Kala Bhavan
                                                          in 2011.

                                                          Well-known artist P Nar-
                                                          ender Reddy invited me
                                                          to participate in an exhi-
                                                          bition along with him at
                                                          Taj Deccan, Banjara Hills
                                                          where God gave me the

6      5Talents Magazine                                     Share it : www.5talents.in
opportunity to explain my paintings on my paintings, all of which have
and tell the gospel to chief minister N a purpose, reason and meaning.
Kiran Kumar Reddy and civil supplies
minister d Sridhar Babu.                5Talents: What would you say to the
                                        one who are talented but are sad be-
I have also held an exhibition of my cause they are not given an opportu-
paintings at CSI Wesley Church, Mush- nity to use it... or the talent is not rec-
eerabad.                                ognized by others?
                                        I work for GENPACT and also take
Through all the exhibitions, I could care of my family but still take out
reach a lot of people telling about time to paint. It is not like a hobby or
God. Through my blog artistmaria- a pastime. It is a mission. One should
clara.blogspot.com also I have been make a beginning and do what
reaching a number of people. A few God has put in your heart. It is for
hundred people from all over the God to open doors and he will use
world have visited this blog and write every talent you have for His glory.
to me. I am encouraged through all
this to reach more people with the 5Talents: What would you say to some-
word of God through my paintings.. one who says “I am not very talented;
Recently, a visitor from Spain request- How could God use me?”
ed for some of my paintings to be God has a plan for each one of us.
used in a book he was writing. Mrs. He made this plan even before he
Usha Devapriyam and Br.Vijay Kumar laid the foundations of the earth. One
from the Aradhana TV have been should have the urge to do something
very encouraging and did an an hour for God and he will teach you how
long program about my paintings. to do it for him. The Bible says: `Call
I thank God for the opportunities He unto Me and I will answer you and
gives me to declare his greatness. will tell you great and unsearchable
                                        things you do not know” (Jer. 33:3).
5Talents: What important lessons has He who created the heavens and the
the Lord taught you through your tal- earth will impart to us knowledge, ide-
ent?                                    as resources, and favour to be used
I surrender every idea of painting to for Him. At another place, the Bible
God and it is through him that I create says, “We are like clay jars in which
each work.                              this treasure is stored. The real power
                                        comes from God and not from us.” (2
There are paintings on which I have Cor. 4:7). God will use us if we allow
worked for about 6 months. God has him to work through our weaknesses.
taught me to persevere and be dis-
ciplined. At times I have had to redo 5Talents: What else would you like to
the complete painting because of share with our readers?
a wrong combination of colour or God has blessed each of us with tal-
stroke or the painting itself. My of- ents. Use it for Him. There is nothing
fice work keeps me busy but with de- that you do will go in vain.
termination I take out time to work

                                                            October 2012        7
(worthy of praise)
Acknowledgement of what de-
serve commendation.
“And it is my prayer that your
love may aboud more and
more, with knowledge and all
discernment... to the glory and
praise of God.” (PHILIPPIANS 1:9-11)




(EXCELLENCE)
moral goodness, graciousness
and virtue.
“But you are a chosen race, a
royal priesthood, a holy nation,
a people for his own posses-
sion, that you may proclaim
the excellencies of him who
called you out of darkness into
his marvelous light.” (1 PETER 2:9)




(commendable)
Worthy, kind and unlikely to
give offence.



(LOVELY)
Pleasing, acceptable and wor-
thy of embrace.




8      5Talents Magazine               Share it : www.5talents.in
                               (true)
                               Thoughts, deeds and disposition
                               that accord with reality.
                               “Santify them in the truth; your
                               word is truth.” (JOHN 17:17)



                               (honorable)
                               Serious, respectable and digni-
                               fied.
                               “Older men are to be sober-
                               minded, dignified, self-controlled,
                               sound in faith, in love and in
                               steadfastness.” (TITUS 2:2)




                                    (JUST)
                                    Righteous and innocent in the
                                    eyes of God.
                                    “Now it is evident that no one
                                    is justified before God by the
                                    law, for “The righteous shall
                                    live by faith.” (GALATIANS 3:11)



                               (PURE)
                               Holy and pure and free from any
                               defilement.
                               “Let no one despise you for your
                               youth, but set the beloevers an
                               example in speech, in conduct, in
                               love in faith, in purity” (1 TIMOTHY 4:12)
Remake from www.challies.com


                                                  October 2012         9
Why God allows
problems in our
Life?
No one likes problems in life as it gives some kind of pain. But all the prob-
lems and pain can make us perfect and bring us more closer to God if we
take it in a positive attitude. There could be sickness, sadness, trials, troubles,
brokenness, sleepless nights etc. in our life. We must have asked many ques-
tions to God that why these all happen to me? We may have lost hope and
cursed our life and self.

But, it is a fact that nothing happens in our life without the knowledge of
God, especially in the lives of those who seek God with full heart. God per-
mits such problems in our life with a definite purpose, which is our sanctifi-
cation, edification and spiritual growth. Whenever we are upset and throw
many questions towards God, He has something to tell us. The following
could be some of the dialogue between God and we.




If you never had sickness and pain, how would you know that I am a healer.
If you never had to pray, how would you know that I am a deliverer.
If you never had a need, how would know that I am your provider.
If you never had a trial, how could you call yourself an overcomer.
If you never felt sadness, how do you know that I am a comforter.
If you never made a mistake, how do you know that I am a forgiver.
If you knew all, how do you know that I will answer your question.
If you never were in trouble, how do you know that I will come to rescue you.
If you never were broken, how do you know that I can make you whole.
If you never had a problem, how would you know that I can solve them.
If you never had any suffering, how would you know that I went through the
same.




10     5Talents Magazine                                   Share it : www.5talents.in
If you never went through the fire, how would you become pure.
If I gave you everything, how would you appreciate them.
If I never corrected you, how do you know that I love you.
If you had all power, how will you learn to depend on me.
If your life was perfect, then what would you need me for.

God Almighty declares, “ For my thoughts are not your thoughts, neither are
your ways my ways. As the heavens are higher than the earth, so are my
ways higher than your ways and my thoughts than your thoughts”
- Isaiah 55: 8-9.

Let us try to create a positive attitude towards all our problems.


                                                                 Author: unknown

                                                            October 2012     11
        What is the Christian
        view of smoking? Is
        smoking a sin?

12   5Talents Magazine   Share it : www.5talents.in
The Bible never directly mentions        to caffeine that they cannot func-
smoking. There are principles, how-      tion without their first cup of cof-
ever, that definitely apply to smok-     fee in the morning. While this is true,
ing. First, the Bible commands us        how does that make smoking right?
not to allow our bodies to become        It is our contention that Christians
“mastered” by anything. “Every-          should avoid gluttony and exces-
thing is permissible for me—but not      sively unhealthy eating. Yes, Chris-
everything is beneficial. Everything     tians are often hypocritical by con-
is permissible for me—but I will not     demning one sin and condoning
be mastered by anything” (1 Corin-       another, but, again, this does not
thians 6:12). Smoking is undeniably      make smoking honoring to God.
strongly addictive. Later in the same
passage we are told, “Do you not         Another argument against this view
know that your body is a temple of       of smoking is that many godly men
the Holy Spirit, who is in you, whom     have been smokers, such as the
you have received from God? You          famous British preacher C.H. Spur-
are not your own; you were bought        geon, who was known to smoke ci-
at a price. Therefore honor God with     gars. Again, we do not believe this
your body” (1 Corinthians 6:19-20).      argument holds any weight. We be-
Smoking is undoubtedly very bad          lieve Spurgeon was wrong for smok-
for your health. Smoking has been        ing. Was he otherwise a godly man
proven to damage the lungs and           and fantastic teacher of God’s
the heart.                               Word? Absolutely! Does that make
                                         all of his actions and habits honor-
Can smoking be considered “ben-          ing to God? No.
eficial” (1 Corinthians 6:12)? Can it
be said that smoking is truly honor-     In stating that smoking is a sin, we
ing God with your body (1 Corinthi-      are not stating that all smokers are
ans 6:20)? Can a person honestly         unsaved. There are many true be-
smoke “for the glory of God” (1 Cor-     lievers in Jesus Christ who smoke.
inthians 10:31)? We believe that the     Smoking does not prevent a person
answer to these three questions is a     from being saved. Nor does it cause
resounding “no.” As a result, we be-     a person to lose salvation. Smoking
lieve that smoking is a sin and there-   is no less forgivable than any other
fore should not be practiced by fol-     sin, whether for a person becoming
lowers of Jesus Christ.                  a Christian or a Christian confess-
                                         ing his/her sin to God (1 John 1:9).
Some argue against this view by          At the same time, we firmly believe
pointing to the fact that many peo-      that smoking is a sin that should be
ple eat unhealthy foods, which can       forsaken and, with God’s help, over-
be just as addicting and just as bad     come.
for the body. As an example, many
people are so helplessly addicted



                                                                October 2012       13
               The God of Our Salvation
                                         ANDREW MURRAY




‘My soul waiteth only upon God;          of a full salvation, the only way, tru-
from Him cometh my salvation.’           ly, to know God as the God of our
Psalm. 62: 1(R.V.).                      salvation. All the difficulties that are
                                         brought forward as keeping us back
If salvation indeed comes from God,      from full salvation, have their cause
and is entirely His work, just as our    in this one thing: the defective knowl-
creation was, it follows, as a matter    edge and practice of waiting upon
of course, that our first and highest    God. All that the Church and its
duty is to wait on Him to do that work   members need for the manifestation
as it pleases Him. Waiting becomes       of the mighty power of God in the
then the only way to the experience      world, is the return to our true place,

14     5Talents Magazine                                Share it : www.5talents.in
the place that belongs to us, both in      must be just as continuous and un-
creation and redemption, the place         broken, as the breathing that main-
of absolute and unceasing depend-          tains his natural life.
ence upon God. Let us strive to see
what the elements are that make up         It is, then, because Christians do not
this most blessed and needful waiting      know in their relation to God of their
upon God: it may help us to discover       own absolute poverty and helpless-
the reasons why this grace is so little    ness, that they have no sense of the
cultivated, and to feel how infinitely     need of absolute and unceasing de-
desirable it is that the Church, that we   pendence, or of the unspeakable
ourselves, should at any price learn its   blessedness of continual waiting on
blessed secret.                            God. But when once a believer be-
                                           gins to see it, and consent to it, that
The deep need for this waiting on God      he by the Holy Spirit must each mo-
lies equally in the nature of man and      ment receive what God each mo-
the nature of God. God, as Creator,        ment works, waiting on God be-
formed man, to be a vessel in which        comes his brightest hope and joy. As
He could show forth His power and          he appreciates how God, as God,
goodness. Man was not to have in           as Infinite Love, delights to impart His
himself a fountain of life, or strength,   own nature to His child as fully as He
or happiness: the everliving and only      can, how God is not weary of each
living One was each moment to be           moment keeping charge of his life
the Communicator to him of all that        and strength, he wonders that he
he needed. Man’s glory and bless-          ever thought otherwise of God than
edness was not to be independent,          as a God to be waited on all the day.
or dependent upon himself, but de-         God unceasingly giving and working;
pendent on a God of such infinite          His child unceasingly waiting and re-
riches and love. Man was to have the       ceiving: this is the blessed life.
joy of receiving every moment out of
the fulness of God. This was his bless- “Truly my soul waiteth upon God;
edness as an unfallen creature.          from Him cometh my salvation.” First
                                         we wait on God for salvation. Then
When he fell from God, he was still we learn that salvation is only to bring
more absolutely dependent on Him. us to God, and teach us to wait on
There was not the slightest hope of Him. Then we find what is better still,
his recovery out of his state of death, that waiting on God is itself the high-
but in God, His power and mercy. It est salvation. It is the ascribing to Him
is God alone who began the work of the glory of being All; it is the experi-
redemption; it is God alone who con- encing that He is All to us. May God
tinues and carries it on each moment teach us the blessedness of waiting
in each individual believer. Even in on Him.
the regenerate man there is no pow-
er of goodness in himself: he has and
can have nothing that he does not          “My soul, wait thou
each moment receive; and waiting
on God is just as indispensable, and
                                           only upon God!”
                                                              October 2012      15
                                             pandita
                                             ramabai
                                                              1858-1922
ELIZABETH CLAYTON

P    andita Ramabai was a scholar,
     poet, visionary and an eminent
                                             Her parents were getting ill and she
                                             had her older brother Srinivas. One oth-
social reformer. She lived during the        er sibling had passed away. The coun-
times in India, when women were not          try went through a huge famine in that
allowed to study or work and were also       time. There came a time when there
considered lower than men. Child mar-        was no food at all for them to eat for
riages were widespread and the child         days. Sadly, in that destitute condition
widows were left to abuse and slavery        too weak and sick, her father passed
from the family and society. They lived      away. Before dying he took Ramabai
terrible lives filled with agony and pain.   and said, “Always go on in the path of
                                             God. Always make it your aim to serve
Ramabai was born to High caste Hin-          God. I have given you into God’s keep-
du Brahmin named Anant Shastri. H e          ing”. After this they travelled on, in few
was a social reformer and believed in        months the same conditions took her
educating girls. When he was forty, he       mother’s life.
had married a 9 year old girl. He was
                                   Brother and sister were now left utterly
very learned in Sanskrit and he read
the old Hindu Scriptures for livelyhood.
                                   alone. Ramabai began to lose her faith
The Hindus would give money and    in the religion where she had suffered
                                   so much. They decided to give up their
gifts to those who read the Scriptures
for them. In this way the family traveled
                                   wanderings and come to Calcutta.
                                   Here, they were welcomed by the Hin-
hundreds of miles on foot, never rest-
                                   du priests as they too were high caste
ing, and living a very simple life with
adequate food or clothing.         Brahmins. They were amazed to hear
                                   Ramabai read the Puranas in Sanskrit
Years went by, Ramabai was 13 now. So they bestowed her with the highest

16     5Talents Magazine                                     Share it : www.5talents.in
known title of “Pandita” (Scholar).       side and cared for her. She took in this
The more, she studied the Hindu Scrip-    child like her own daughter. Now she
tures; she became more unhappy and        knew what she had to do. She wanted
restless as she could not find peace      to start a home for such widows where
and God. After all the struggles and      they will be loved and care for. Fired by
pain she went through, his brother be-    this thought she tried to raise the nec-
came ill and died too. Now, she was all   essary money but no one would give
alone in this world and so decided to     her any. She had so little of her own.
marry. There was a lawyer who was not     It was a time of great disappointment
a Brahmin but was from a lower caste      for her.
called “Shudras”, he loved Ramabai
and had asked her to marry him. So        But she had made friends with an Eng-
they both got married.                    lish missionary Miss Hurford during that
                                          time. She was going home back to
One day Ramabai saw a small book in       England and suggested that Rama-
his husband’s library called the “Gos-    bai can accompany her. Ramabai’s
pel of St. Luke”. It was in Bengali and   book had bought in little money, just
she read it to the end. When she in-      enough to pay the passage for her
quired about it to her husband, he said   and Manorama. Ramabai was very
he had got it from the mission school.    afraid crossing the ocean and go to
She wanted to know more and so her        a foreign land. But she knew that God
husband let a missionary come to their    was calling her and she had to go.
home to explain her about the book.
This went on for some days, she felt      In England Ramabai and her daugh-
very peaceful by reading this book.       ter went with Sister of Mercy at Wan-
And she wanted to become a Chris-         tage. Here she found that her long pil-
tian which her husband would never        grimage to find God is over when she
agree to.                                 felt the love and compassion of Jesus
                                          Christ.
Just after 18 months of their marriage,
Ramabai’s husband encountered
Cholera and he died. They had a
beautiful daughter named Manorama
(joy of the heart).                           “A life committed
As a Hindu widow, she had no place
                                               to Christ has
in her husband’s home so she took her
daughter and set forth to go to her
home state and came to Pune. Rama-            Nothing to Fear
bai studied English here and also wrote
a book called “Morals for women”.             Nothing to Loose
One day, when Ramabai was reading
                                              Nothing to regret”
in her home a little child widow came
to her door. She was very sick. She had
nowhere to go. Ramabai took her in-           - Pandita Ramabai
                                                             October 2012       17
From here she came to America. She            Ramabai also got 2 helpers, one In-
found American people very enthusi-           dian and other English, who shared
astic and helpful. She started educat-        her burden with helping young girls.
ing the West about the conditions of          She systematically taught the older
women in India. American women of-            girls first who in turn would take charge
fered to help with her plan to start the      and help the younger girls. Gradually
home for widows. They formed Rama-            she had 2000 girls living in Mukti Mission
bai Association and promised that if          (The home of Salvation).
she would start a school for the young
widows they would help for 10 years.          For 20 years Pandita Ramabai went on
                                              working and caring for her large fam-
Ten years seemed like a life time to          ily. She passed away on 5th April, 1922.
her. She returned to India overjoyed          It has been more than 100 years since
to start her mission. When she came to        she started a humble beginning of
Bombay (now Mumbai) she was wel-              Mukti Mission. Her vision still continues
comed by her old friends. She would           in the lives of many women and young
herself travel around the country and         girls today who have found hope and
bring back young girls who are widows         new life at Mukti Mission. Ramabai
suffering in pain and agony.                  translated the Bible into Marati lan-
                                              guage. Thus, she ran a good race by
Ramabai had seen some land a little far       having faith and commitment in every
from Pune in Kedgaon and brought it           work she did.
for the girls to stay. She started a school
called “Sharda Sadan” (House of
knowledge) in which she taught read-
ing, writing, history and nature study.
She started here with 20 girls. Ramabai
herself set out to bring children who
are hungry and begging. She brought
back 200 of them. She built huts and
let the new girls stay.




                        In recognition of her contribution to the
                    advancement of Indian women, the Govern-
                   ment of India issued a commemorative stamp.
                          WE STRONGLY BELIEVE
That the Bible is the inspired and infallible word of the Living God; that it is the only
source of reliable divine revelation about God for man, and the foundation of our
faith, doctrine, and way of life

In the veracity of- the doctrine of the Trinity; the divinity of our Lord and Savior Jesus
Christ as the Son of the Living God; His virgin Birth; His Redemptive work on the Cross;
His Resurrection; His present-day ministry; and of His second coming

In the ministry of the Holy Spirit: His indwelling presence in every born-again Christian;
His baptism of the Believer for service in Christian ministry; and His work in the believer
for fruitfulness, and Christ-like character development

In the doctrine of man’s sinfulness by nature, and the need for salvation only through
Jesus Christ our Savior and Lord

In the scripturally sanctioned divine sacraments of water baptism and communion; as
divine imperatives after conversion

In the doctrine of the Church as the universal body of Christ comprising all born-again
Christians; and also in its physical and local manifestation as an assembly of born-
again Christians gathering for fellowship with the Lord and one another

In a Christ-like life of fruitfulness in character and service that reflects Holiness, Wisdom,
Faith, Love, Integrity, Submissiveness, Discipline (Self-denial), Purposefulness, and Hope




                                DISCOVERING TALENTS FOR GODS’ KINGDOM



                 GOALS                                OBJECTIVE METHODS
Promote programs, ventures, and events            Publish a non-denominational month-
that exalt the name and work of Jesus             ly magazine at the beginning of every
Christ our Lord; to help bring more peo-          month, which will be given away free
ple to repentance and fellowship with             of charge that will be called 5Talents
Him                                               Magazine(digital edition); to serve as our
                                                  primary medium for achieving our goals
Create awareness about spiritual and
physical tools, facilities, venture, pro-         Design and make available to the read-
grams, and fora available to believers in         ers of the magazine a web-site where
the Lord Jesus Christ; to help them pros-         they can access further information in
per in their Christian pilgrimage                 addition to what is published in the mag-
                                                  azine
Promote the healthy growth of the
church of the Lord Jesus Christ by help-           Advertise churches, ministries, programs,
ing to increase and deepen believers’             events, and ventures (e.g. books, pro-
knowledge of the word of God through              jects, movies, CDs, and etc) that pro-
the propagation of sound doctrine; and            mote the name and work of Jesus Christ
by stirring up the body of Jesus Christ (His      with sound doctrine in 5Talents Magazine
                                                  at the beginning of every month
                                                                        October 2012       19
movie




20   5Talents Magazine   Share it : www.5talents.in
                                                             movie
A beautiful college freshman’s life           There are so many
turns upside-down when she learns             people in deep emo-
she was adopted... after a failed
abortion attempt. As Hannah em-               tional pain. This
barks on a journey in search of an-           movie heals and
swers and healing, she’ll discover the
power of forgiveness and how life             gives us hope with
can be so much more than what you             humor and gentle-
have planned.
                                              ness. I recommend
October Baby is an intensely human            it to everyone. Even
film about friendship and finding more
beauty than you bargained for. But
                                              though we aren’t
this film is even more than that - it tells   all going through the
a compelling story inspired by numer-
ous true stories of abortion survivors.
                                              same thing as the
October Baby honestly and even-               main characters in
handedly invites audiences to explore         the movie, the under
their own views of life’s value and the
importance of their choices.                  lying messages ap-
                                              ply to us all and are
This movie has the potential for great
healing and changed lives. Go out                  very helpful.
and see it right away. It is visually
beautiful and tells a story from a
unique prospective. This is the kind
of movie we need to tell Hollywood
to make more of--Good moral val-
ue and done with excellence. The
music is beautiful, the soundtrack is
wonderfully orchestrated and the
Erwin Brothers shot the film in a way
that draws you into the story. New
comer, Rachel Hendrix, could not
have acted this film better. I would
have thought she had been acting
for years based on her stellar per-
formance. Jasmine Guy showed a
whole new range of acting talent,
and John Schneider truly shines as             Released the Sequel on
the main character’s father. This is a          18th September 2012 -
must see.                                     “The Encounter: Paradise
                                                        Lost”

                                                       October 2012      21
                                              DISCOVERING TALENTS FOR GODS’ KINGDOM

                                       PUBLISHER
                                             Sharon Prayer Fellowship & Ministries
                                             Nacharam, Hyderabad

                                       ADVISOR
                                            Rev. K. Stephen (President of SPFM)
                                            Rev. Ms. M. G Basanti

                                       EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR
                                            Premasis Satman

                                       INTERVIEW EDITOR
                                             Deepakshi Satman



Invitation
                                       DESIGN DIRECTOR
                                            Pankaj Kumar Nayak

                                       CREATIVE MANAGER

for Guest                                   Elizabeth Clayton

                                       5Talent Magazine is a digital magazine


Columnist
                                       published monthly.

                                       MISSION STATEMENT
                                       Promote increase in membership, and
5Talents welcomes for volun-           growth in character, of the Church of Je-
teered writers who are passionate      sus Christ through the publication and ad-
                                       vertisement of programs and ventures that
about Jesus Christ and sharing His
                                       fulfill the great commission and propagate
message of truth with the world.
                                       sound doctrine.

We are now open to receive arti-       ADVERTISING
cles on Christian topic relative to    To advertise in 5Talents Magazine, email us
talents, lifestyle, doctrinal mess-    premasis@5talents.in
sage or stories.
                                       5Talents Magazine grants permission for
Please submit your article or story    any original article to be quoted provied
to premasis@5talents.in                5Talents Magazine is indicated to be the
                                       source. For use of an entire article per-
Note: The content will be review       mission must be granted. Please contact
                                       premasis@5talents.in
by the board and if it is approved
it will be scheduled to published in
                                       CONTACT
future issues.                         5TALENTS, c/o Premasis Satman, LIGH-36,
                                       APHB Colony, Moulali, Hyderabad- 40
      © ALL RIGHT RESERVED             Phone: +91 9032690627
                                                          October 2012         22
