Interview

Technology

Movie Review

Questions?

issue 7 APRIL 2013

discovering talents for gods’ kingdom

Voice

based

Mobile Ministry

ALLEN Derksen
Are you a leader?
Zumba - My way of life
Sadhu sundar singh
movie- amazing love

Point of View

Premasis Satman, Executive Director

“Working in secular........ you are doing God’s will”

A

nyone working in a “secular” job will be tempted to think
of work as less significant or less God honoring than that
of, say, a pastor. I have struggled here, and over the years
I have met many others who struggle with a sense of purpose in
their daily work — wondering if they need instead to give themselves to pastoral work or Christian ministry in order to truly “do
God’s will.”
Done rightly and in the fear of
God, ministry is an excellent Godhonoring vocation, but ministry is
not the only work that can be Godhonoring. So often businessmen like
me think this way because we fail
to really take hold of the doctrine of
vocation. To put it simply, vocation
is the specific work that God has
called each of us to. And vocation
is not limited to those who serve in
Christian ministry.
In fact, God calls the vast majority of Christians to “common”
spheres of work such as business, or
academia, or carpentry, or law, or
healthcare, or homemaking. As we
faithfully give ourselves to this calling, we are God’s agents to love
others and to even accomplish his
will on earth.
Assuming your work is honorable
and honest, assuming it is a means
to serve the needs of others, that
work is ministerial in nature. In that
sense, your work is no different from
that of a pastor or missionary.

2

5Talents Magazine

April 2013

Here are three reasons that our
work is ministerial.
First, our work is ministerial when our
labors are first and foremost an a
venue of faith in God and worship
of God, not in self-reliance and personal glory. Second, our work is ministerial when it serves other people
rather than mere projects or profits.
Third, our work is ministerial because we
are ambassadors of Christ to the specific realm of work he’s called us to.
You are not in your present career
by accident. It may have felt like
you landed there due to random
circumstances, but God has been
sovereignly guiding you. Your line
of work is no accident. Your workplace is no accident. Your vocational ship has sailed to where it is
thus far because God has been
guiding you. He has placed you
where you are because he has
need of you — or, better, as Luther
puts it — your neighbor has need of
you.
May we joyfully and faithfully pursue
this high calling of God.

4

Contents
Allen Derksen
4 Innovator
and Founder of

16 BMFI Event

7 International Event

Ministry
18 Featured
Sharon Prayer Fellowship &

The Market Place Ministy

Voice based Mobile Ministry
KE Conference 2013

8

Ministry

Are you a Leader?

20 Great Missionaries

by George Powell

Sadhu Sunder Singh

10 Market Place Revolution
14 Jennifer Pinto

22 Movie Review

Christian Business Event

Amazing Love: The Story of Hosea

Zumba - My Way of Life

5Talent Magazine is a digital magazine published monthly.
MISSION:
- Promote the Gospel of our Lord and
Saviour Jesus Christ
- Impact the character of individuals in the
’Body of Christ’ based on the word of God
- Advertise programs and ventures that fulfills
‘The Great Commission’ for the end time
purposes
ADVERTISING: To advertise in 5Talents
Magazine, email us emag@5talents.in
5Talents Magazine grants permission for
any original article to be quoted provied
5Talents Magazine is indicated to be the
source. For use of an entire article permission must be granted. Please contact
emag@5talents.in

PUBLISHER
Deepakshi Kolia
EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR
Premasis Satman
EDITOR IN CHIEF
Elveera Redwood
CREATIVE DIRECTOR
Elizabeth Clayton

5TALENTS MAGAZINE, LIGH-36,
APHB Colony, Moulali,
Hyderabad- 500 040
Phone: +91 9032690627
Canada: 416 502 3777

5Talents Magazine

April 2013

3

ALLEN Derksen

Voice

based

Mobile Ministry
Seeing a Person an
Hour Come to Christ
with Telemensahe
4

5Talents Magazine

April 2013

w w w . 5 Ta l e n t s . i n

Seven billion. That’s how many mobile phones exist in our world. 900
million mobile phones are owned by Indians: 71% of the population.
Even the poorest of the poor have mobile phones. Allen Derksen is
determined to reach India for Jesus Christ using mobile technology.
He does it through audio messages
because 6 out of 7 mobile phones are
not smartphones. Yet every phone in
the world is capable of sending and
receiving voice messages.
Allen’s talents lie in the areas of evangelism, church planting, and organizational development. Telemensahe is
a ministry where talent and anointing
converge with technology and opportunity. Little did he know in 1990 that the
mobile phone would become what it is
today; that technology would support
a phone-based ministry to the point of
global saturation.
Allen was a missionary who started new
churches and had seen success using
traditional methods (e.g. visiting from
home to home zipping around on his
Kawasaki motorcycle). After being reassigned to Manila for a church planting effort at the strategic intersection
of two of the largest highways passing
through the city, he quickly found his
previously effective methods were a
poor fit in the booming metropolis.
In 1990, while on a home ministry assignment, Allen attended a seminar
where he met Ed, another missionary
who was retiring from service in Caracas, Venezuela. Ed shared, in passing,
that he had found a way to evangelize which resulted inseeing at least
one person trust in Jesus per day during the preceding ten years. Ed had
simply started recording a new Daily
Bread devotional on a voice answering machine each day. He let people

know that they could receive a daily
encouragement or word from the Lord
by calling this phone number. Those
who wanted to know more could call
Ed’s personal line. Ed ended up praying a salvation prayer with at least one
person each day. Wow, who would
have ever thought that such a simple
project could have such an eternal impact!
Ed shared that his system could be multiplied and improved through the use
of new DVA (Digital Voice Announcer)
technology. With funding and technology in hand, Allen returned to the field
to start Telemensahe (Spanish for “Telephone Message”).
He started preparing to launch the
ministry, using a ministry model that included two essential practices:
a) new content to feed the soul every
day; and b) good follow-up methods.
A storehouse of messages was developed. While the Daily Bread devotionals provided some good resources, it
was found that only about 30 percent
of the devotionals were culturally relevant to the target population so Allen
developed devotional recordings from
scratch. As an integral part of the follow-up strategy, Telemensahe set up a
counseling center, primarily for people
in crisis. Callers who wanted follow-up
were invited to call another number to
speak to a counselor.
Once the follow-up system was ready
and a stockpile of audio recordings
were in hand, a “hi-tech” marketing
5Talents Magazine

April 2013

5

strategy was implemented. Allen figured out where the target area’s paper
boys gathered to collect their daily lot
of newspapers. He persuaded them to
include a little postcard-sized brochure
for Telemensahe. The next week the line
received 600 calls. The following week:
700. The response grew and grew until they were eventually receiving 7,000
thousand calls a day! Technological
progress, including PBX and VOIP
technologies, allowed the system
to be expanded to field 8,000
to 10,000 calls a
day. As well, callers now have access to five levels
of service including:
devotional
messages, a salvation hotline, a
new
believers’
hotline, a personal follow-up line,
and event listings
from participating ministries. Allen and
Telemensahe are now partnered with
OneHundredFold, who provides the
technological solutions that make this
ministry possible.

the Lord’s call on their lives to follow up
contacts and get them into churches.
Maintainers also make sure new messages are put up on a daily basis. They
are going to make the difference between a project being a success or a
failure. Praise the Lord, Telemensahe
been blessed with maintainers.
Telemensahe’s outreach was recently

expanded in conjunction with Campus
Crusade for Christ, MAF, Assemblies of
God, FEBA, and Extol Radio. Now functional in four continents, they are rolling out voice-based ministries across
India in seven
Looking back at Telemensahe’s success, with tens of thou- languages. Inisands coming to faith and joining the church, Allen is firm in tial
locations
his belief that any media ministry is only as effective as its include Bangafollow-up strategy.
lore,
Chennai,
Calcutta, and a
Allen also makes a strong plea that any Gypsy movement in Andra Pradesh. If
ministry or individual contemplating you find yourself inspired, contact Telesuch a project realize that it requires mensahe via email (allen_d@shaw.ca)
“maintainers” much more than “vi- or Skype (allenderksen) to learn how
sionaries”. A visionary can get a voice- they can assist your ministry in implebased mobile ministry going but the menting a voice messaging outreach.
crucial part is the maintainers who see
6

5Talents Magazine

April 2013

w w w . 5 Ta l e n t s . i n

Pat Francis Ministries

“Changing Lives, Empowering Leaders, Creating Enterprise.
(Enterprise includes the solutions we create for children, youth, etc
(Ministry & Charity) and also business developments.”
I take this opportunity to invite you as my honored guests to Kingdom Enforcers Conference
2013 in beautiful Toronto, Canada. This year
I am excited that Drs Bill Winston, James Goll,
Bill Hammon and a team of Dynamic Kingdom-minded Ministers will be ministering with
me for the greatest conference yet. In addition
we are launching “10 Courses in 10 days”
Business & Leadership Module May 6-18, 2103
for Certification or degree in KCLI Business and
Leadership (this will also include the Kingdom
Enforcers Conference, May 15-18).
Our annual KLN Business Forum will be again
provide opportunities for business in Canada
and globally.
2013 is the Year of Increase, “Ayin Gimel” God is sending Camels your way loaded with
resources to increase you in every way spiritually, personally, financially and socially.

KE Conference
Toronto Canada
For Registration
in India,
contact
Administrator
Phone no:

09700822149

With Love and Chayil Blessings,
Dr. Pat
5Talents Magazine

April 2013

7

Are you
a leader?
by George Powell

J

ust a few weeks ago when I was
teaching a seminar on leadership,
I ask everyone to raise their hand if
they thought they were a leader.
Only about half of the hands in the room
went up.
The reality is, most people don’t see
themselves as a leader. And the reason
for that is because many have a misconception about what a leader is. Often
people think leadership has to do with
where an office is located,how many
degrees are behind a person’s name, or
the diplomas hanging on the wall. While
these may certainly be an indication of a
certain level of accomplishment, they do
not necessarily qualify one as a leader.
Why is that? Because leadership is not
about titles and positions, it is about in- You may be in charge of a team in your
fluence. As my mentor and friend, John company and have influence over emMaxwell teaches, Leadership is influence ployees.
. . . nothing more, nothing less.
If you are in a position where you exerSo back to the question: Are you a lead- cise influence over others, whether a few
er? If you exercise influence over anoth- or many, then you are a leader.
er then yes, you are numbered among
those who are call themselves leaders.
True leadership cannot be assigned, appointed, or awarded. At its essence, true
You may be a stay at home mom who leadership is given. All a position, a plathas influence over her children.
form, or a title can do for you is buy you a
little time, to either gain or lose influence.
You may be a teacher in a school who
has influence over students.
Harry Overstreet expressed it well when

8

5Talents Magazine

April 2013

w w w . 5 Ta l e n t s . i n

he said, “The very essence of all power to to listen with the intent of understanding,
influence lies in getting the other person rather than with the intent of responding.
Truly listen.
to participate.”
So how does one gain influence?

“The first duty of love is to listen.” ~ Paul Tillich

One of the courses I am certified to 5. Seek to Understand people.
teach as a certified coach, teacher, and
speaker with the John Maxwell Team is, Another great principle of good leadBecoming a Person of Influence.
ership is to remember that people do
not care how much you know until they
So if you want to be a better leader, here know how much you care. So in order to
are nine powerful steps you can take to grow in influence, seek first to understand
increase your influence with those you before being understood.
lead.

1. Have Integrity with people.

6. Determine to Enlarge people.

The late Zig Ziglar expressed it well: “You’ll
“In order to be a leader a man must always have everything in life that you
have followers. And to have followers, a want IF you help enough people get
man must have their confidence. Hence what they want.”
the supreme quality for a leader is unquestionably integrity. Without it, no real 7. Navigate for people.
successis possible, no matter whether it is
on a sections gang, a football field, in an “A leader is one who knows the way,
army, or in an office. If a man’s associ- goes the way, and shows the way.”
ates find him guilty of phoniness, if they ~John Maxwell
find that he lacks forthright integrity, he
will fail. His teachings and actions must 8. Connect with people.
square with each other. The first great
need, therefore, is integrity and high pur- Connecting increases your influence in
every situation, whether one-on-one, in
pose.” ~Dwight D. Eisenhower
a small group, or with a large audience.
Leaders who have learned the art of
2. Nurture People.
connection are able to communicate
Ask yourself: Do I value my position more their ideas persuasively, establish buy-in,
than my people or do I value my people and attract followers.
more than my position? When you love
your people more than your position and 9. Empower people.
seek to lift them to a higher level, you will
Great leaders don’t hold power over
gain influence.
others they empower others to get the
job done.
3. Have Faith in people.
By far, one of the greatest gifts you can Are you a leader? If you have influence
give to another is to express belief in that over others you are. Can you increase
your influence? Yes you can. And when
person who doesn’t believe in himself.
you do, you can achieve success at
home, in the marketplace, and in every
4. Truly Listen to people.
One important principle I’m learning in other area of your life.
my quest to become a better leader is
5Talents Magazine

April 2013

9

MARKET PLACE
REVOLUTION
2013, Hyderabad, India

Business as Ministry for a
world without poverty

F

or years, Christians involved in
business thought their only usefulness was at church. Leaders now
say most ministry will soon be happening on the job. Those who looked down
at business as a worldly endeavor with
no heavenly purpose should consider
what Christians are doing in the Nations
around the world today.
The time has now come to remove barriers between the church and the business world. In fact, an explosive trend toward “marketplace ministry” is occurring
all over the world today, empowering
Christians in business who are realizing
that God can use their careers and entrepreneurial skills to spread the gospel in
innovative.

to redefine the connection between
their occupations and God’s purposes
in the world.
Now the third stage is being recognized.
It concerns the need to bridge the gulf
between the traditional and “extended” church.”
To a leading practitioner of marketplace
ministry, those who resist are missing the
obvious. Rich Marshall is a one-time
charismatic pastor who left the pulpit
five years ago to teach business people
how they can be used by God.

The effusive speaker, who is also the author of the book God@Work, brims with
enthusiasm whenever he addresses business groups. He often falls to his knees
Christian leaders see it as a third stage. to apologize for the way pastors misuse
In the second stage, Christians learned members of the business community
10

5Talents Magazine

April 2013

w w w . 5 Ta l e n t s . i n

and fail to appreciate their God-given
gifts. “If you do business in the marketplace, even though the Lord’s enemies
control it, and are successful, you gain
authority over cities.

Doug Seebeck

Christians have typically perceived marketplace ministry to mean evangelizing
co-workers. But he sees a new paradigm emerging that advocates bringing
God’s kingdom into the marketplace to
open nonbelievers’ eyes and whet their
appetite for the gospel.
The marketplace paradigm-shift is also
sparking mercy ministry. In Minneapolis, real estate executive Dennis Doyle
helped establish Hope for the City in an
effort to match food, clothing and office
supply businesses that have surplus with
needy inner-city ministries.
“People have achieved things in business and realized it hasn’t brought
meaning to their lives,” Realtor Doyle
says. “I get more meaning from shipping
a container of blankets into Afghanistan
and saving lives than doing another real
estate deal.
Marketplace participants also see the
Lord breaking down barriers that have
existed in the church, among them gender and denomination.
We’ve all tried very hard to do prayer
evangelism and bringing pastors together to bring revival, and it’s not worked out
very well, “We need the whole body of
Christ if we’re going to see revival in the
U.S. I think God is saying it’s going to happen in the marketplace. “If the goals of
marketplace ministry are realized, a new
breed of Christianity is in the making--the
kind that will change the spiritual climate
of the 21st century workplace, conduct
business in the power of the Holy Spirit
5Talents Magazine

April 2013

11

Hyderabad and Secunderabad.
Business Seva has chapters in Hyderabad, Chennai, Bangalore, Cochin,
Vizag and Darjeeling. By the end of
2013 we wish to add six new chapters
in Delhi, Mumbai, Kolkata, Pune, Orissa
and Coimbatore.
March 18-27, 2013 saw a huge gathering of Christian business associates
come together at the Taj Vivanta Hotel
in Hyderabad to Encourage Equip and
Connect to expand business and to
give God the glory.

and generate tremendous financial resources for kingdom purposes. (Editorial
taken from Charisma Magazine)
The recently concluded Marketplace
Revolution 13 was a classic example of
Business Seva’s vision of what Market
Ministry is all about. A group of Christian
Business men and Women, affiliated to
Partners Worldwide a dynamic global
network of Business and Professional
people, committed towards eradication of poverty. Business Seva is committed to build Kingdom Businesses in the
market place to be a witness within the
business community. It all started in the
year 2008, with a desire as young entrepreneurs met to help one and another
network share from their experiences, we
realized that most of us were first generation entrepreneurs. Chapter members
grew from six to sixty two representing all
major segments of industries mostly with
12

5Talents Magazine

April 2013

In his opening welcome message Doug
Seebeck President, Partners Worldwide
USA welcomed the business associates
and shared the fact that it was time to
Encourage, Equip and Connect. He also
stated that Business professionals and
entrepreneurs have a unique opportunity to daily live out the Gospel of Christ
in the context of business - creating jobs
with purpose and dignity as we walk
along side with others. It’s now time
to engage in global partnerships that
grow business, create sustainable jobs,
strengthen communities and transform
the lives of everyone involved. It is our
desire is that you will be deeply encouraged, better equipped and meaningfully connected in this business as ministry
movement. The message was one of an
encouragement to turn the page over
and take the next steps in this growing
movement and to look around at the incredible people that came together to
journey with new partnerships.
Other noted speakers were Dr. George
Powell, Mats Tunehag, Sushil Mathew,
Dr. Udaia Kumar, Dana Boals, Al Caperna, Jaya Abraham, .Greg and Abhineeta Matney and Rev. Robin Paul.
w w w . 5 Ta l e n t s . i n

Shiloh Global Solutions is to enable
individuals to pursue a global education
that best meets their individual career
aspirations in a good and conductive
environment for study.

Learn English

Study in Canada

Canadian trained teachers
(ESL) with a wide range of
international experience in
teaching English and training
individuals, along with a well
trained team will facilitate.

Canada has one of the best and
most respected education systems
in the world. Valuable Canadian
hands-on work experience can be
gained during and after completion of studies. It is economically
sound and has a very multi-cultural
society.

Personality
Development
The objective is to provide holistic
approach to the concept of personality; this makes the individual
gain perceptiveness, sound knowledge of body language, verbal and
non-verbal communication and
understanding of personal grooming in the workplace.

Job Search Skills
Training will be provided for
resume preparation, up-to-date
resume writing tips, mock interviews, group feedback and
frequently asked questions to
search jobs in your field and to
skillfully handle job interviews.

Resume Writing
This is to train and prepare resumes based on current market
trends to convey experiences,
skills and education in a clear and
precise manner producing powerful and effective resumes for
local and international markets.

Contact Administrator
Hyderabad, India: 903 272 3149
Overseas, Canada: 416 502 3777

Visit our website
www.ShilohGlobal.com
March
2013
5Talents Magazine
April
2013

1313

Jennifer
Pinto
Zumba® Fitness Trainer

Zumba My Way of Life

S

ome say, “Never have too much
on your plate!” Others say, “You
can pile on more!” I don’t know
which one is true of me. But I do a whole
lot of different things that give me personal satisfaction from reaching out
and sharing my learning with others. I
am a Licensed Zumba® Fitness Instructor, a Childbirth Educator and I conduct
Parenting Seminars and Workshops.
It all started at a spiritual retreat in 2010.
A fateful meeting with a sister with the
gift of knowledge changed my career
life. When she prayed with us as a family,
she gave us many points to ponder on
and one of them was that God wanted
me to exercise! I couldn’t believe my
ears. I knew I had put on weight postdelivery and had no clue how to shed
it. Various things that I had tried out
failed to give me results. Until, I discovered Zumba® Fitness. Zumba® is a form
14

5Talents Magazine

April 2013

of dance fitness that is aerobic in nature that uses the basics of South American dance forms like Salsa, Merengue,
Cumbia and Reggaeton. It is a form of
fitness that anyone from age 6-80 can
do. I believe exercise is a very important
aspect of our lives we tend to ignore till
it is too late. I have seen the physical &
emotional transformation in many of my
students and it is extremely satisfying for
me. As a Christian, I think it is vital to not
only look after our spiritual well-being
but physical too. We are the temple of
the Holy Spirit and that is how we ought
to look after our soul, spirit and body!
In addition to this form of fitness, I am
also a Childbirth Educator. I took up this
line of work because of the traumatic
experience I had at the time of my son’s
birth. I realized that women are not
treated the right way by many doctors
who fail to fully inform their pregnant
w w w . 5 Ta l e n t s . i n

patients of what to expect and offer
them all the choices available to them
at delivery. As a result, many of us go
through terrible birth stories for no good
reason. My work as a CBE involves offering informed choices to women and
their spouses, letting them know what is
available to them, how to relax during
labor and choose natural birthing methods that are easier for them rather than
easier for their caregivers! I am available to help mothers in labor and I’m also
qualified to assist young mothers cope
with the frequently ignored yet ever-soreal aspect of post natal depression.

have the ability to adapt to changes as
fast as the world expects them to. More
importantly, when faced with challenges, they need to be able to turn to parents as easily as to a friend. By these
workshops we wish to help parents and
children seeking to find solutions to help
them cope with family challenges!

In the future, I would really like these
three aspects to come together, especially my work as CBE and parenting! I
feel there is a dearth of “helpers” in this
world and if in some way we can help
others find their way, find solutions and
make life better for families, beginning
Together along with my spouse as a with birth, would be a great opportunity
family we conduct Parenting Work- to do what God calls us to! I will always
shops to assist parents who are keen to believe that for each of us God has a
know more about
parenting
styles
and what works
for them and their
children. In today’s
harsh and challenging world, it is
crucial to acquire
the needed skills to
parent our children
in a way which enables them to see
their parents as
both mentors and
confidants. As parents, we have the
God given responsibility to raise our
children with His
values, and that can be quite a daunt- plan and a purpose in our life. Let’s toing task. Today, often children are left to day begin to ask God and seek his plan.
their own devices as both parents work. To summarize my thoughts, I will ask God
This thwarts their emotional develop- to help me to See what he wants me
ment to an extent that we would end up to See, to Say what he wants me to Say
raising a generation of citizens that can- and to Do what he wants me to Do.
not take responsibility for themselves nor Amen
5Talents Magazine

April 2013

15

Business
Men’s
Fellowship
of India
The Market Place Ministry

T

Simply stated, we are you! and all rank
and file engaged in some sort of business or profession. We are laymen ordinary people, serving an extraordinary God.
Other than just networking to connect
and develop business, the leaders of
the BMF chapters extend invitations
to people with whom they interact or
deal within the marketplace, to the
Business fellowship meeting and witness to them the love, the compassion
and the reality of Jesus Christ. The true
life experiences shared during these
fellowship meetings offers the participants an opportunity to know The love

he BUSINESS MEN’S FELLOWSHIP
of INDIA (BMFI) is a marketplace
ministry for Christians in business
and profession. The BMFI Ministry is a
non-denominational body.

of Jesus Christ available for all mankind. A demonstration of God’s concern in the day to day affairs of every
individual scores a point with all the
participants who attend the meeting.

When we say Business Men’s Fellowship we mean All Men and Woman of
the market place, entrepreneurs, executives, employers and employees,
professionals, traders, civil servants,
defense personnel, facility managers,
insurance men, electricians, scientists,
real estate agents, brokers, loan officers, restaurateurs, lawyers, construction
workers, students, and executives. We
are young, middle-aged, and senior
citizens. We are from every race, ethnic background, and denomination.
We are churched and un-churched.

A BMFI Chapter’s fellowship meeting
takes place in a secular venue over a
meal-type setting. This enables people
from different walks of life and beliefs
to meet without any bias or reservation. No preaching or doctrinal issues
are discussed here but, only sharing of
a testimony by a successful Christian
businessman or professional is undertaken in these meetings.

16

5Talents Magazine

April 2013

People from other faith have testified in
the past how powerfully they were impacted with a Testimony over a Meal.
w w w . 5 Ta l e n t s . i n

And as Christians in business, we know
the pressures and realities of the marketplace. While our world goes through
continual upheaval and tumult, we are
all looking for the one constant that can
make a difference in our lives and businesses. At Business Men’s Fellowship of
India, that constant is a God who loves
us and yearns to be intimately involved
in our lives. Our goal is to reach our fellow workers and business contacts with
the good news of Jesus Christ in a nonthreatening, one-on-one engagement
of heart.
In India BMFI runs its chapters in Mumbai, Hyderabad, Delhi, Kolkata, Vizag,

Chennai, Hosur, Bangalore, Coimbatore, Kochi, Trichy, Erode, Thanjavur, Salem , Pondicherry and Pune. Our
Meetings are held once in a month
in the above cities. Thinking to start
a chapter in you city? Contact us for
more information.
Our Next Meeting at Hyderabad is on
13th April Saturday 2013 over Breakfast
7am sharp. The meeting closes at 9am.
Venue: Hotel Time Square, Opposite
Clock Tower, Secunderabad.
We welcome you to join us at the
above meeting or one of our many local meetings. It’s not just business - it’s
a Business with God! Call Phillip Samuel
9392252963 for your reservation.
March 2013

17

Featured Ministry:
Sharon Prayer Fellowship
Founder: Pastor K. Stephen came to
Andhra Pradesh from Orissa State with his
wife (Naomi) and two kids as a missionary
in the year 1993. Stephen was born and
brought up in a traditional Brahmin Hindu
family. Knowing all the Veda’s of Hindus literature he was yet struggling with his life
to find peace. One day, he listened to
the Gospel being preached by Graham
Staines in his own village, he accepted Jesus Christ as his personal saviour. He was
rejected by his family and the village community. So he left his house at the age of
14 and stayed under the guidance of Graham Staines. Till now his family and villagers
do not accept him.
Later he did his theological studies in Operation Mobilization and founded Sharon
Prayer Fellowship and Ministries.
The Ministry:
In 2004, he started Sharon Prayer Fellowship
with four street kids in a slum area sharing
the love of Jesus. Presently the Church has
grown to 50 families all worshiping Jesus.
The youth choir of the church has sung on
national TV and Gospel Crusades.
How we do it:
The ministry works in the slum community
in Nacharam area of Hyderabad., helping and building the community by identifying and feeding need since 2004. It has
creative programs for the Children, Youth,
and Women. We regularly conduct Medical Camp for the slum people and food
distribution to the street kids. Recently we
distributed gift boxes to the children with
the support of “Samaritan’s Purse”.
News: This year we are conducting “GOSPEL CRUSADE 2013” on MAY 10-12, in
Nacharam, Hyderabad, India. A venue
has been booked for capacity of 3000
people. The program includes, praise &
worship, choreographies, skits and message from the local anointed leaders.
18

5Talents Magazine

April 2013

We welcome your presence to the public
meetings. Please pray for the event and
any financial support is welcome.
For more info visit
www.sharonchurchindia.org
Contact Administrator @
+91 949 075 3061
Email: info@sharonchurchindia.org

Children’s Club

A Medical Camp

how to donate
Bank transfer: Non-Indian passport
holders (International)
Account name : SHARON PRAYER
FELLOWSHIP & MINISTRIES
Account no : 30984647262
Bank name : STATE BANK OF INDIA
Bank code : 7112
Swift code : SBININBB321
Kindly send us an email stating your name
and address and the amount transferred so
that we can track the credit and acknowledge receipt of the same.

Bank transfer: Indian passport holders
Account name : SHARON PRAYER
FELLOWSHIP & MINISTRIES
Account no : 006901025937
Bank name : ICICI Bank, Habsiguda
IFScode : ICIC0000069
Cheques can be made out in favour of:
“SHARON PRAYER FELLOWSHIP & MINISTRIES”

Postal address:
K. STEPHEN, 12-13-691/20, Nagarjuna
Nagar, St No. 13. Lane 1, Tarnaka,
Secunderabad – 500 017 A.P., INDIA
w w w . 5 Ta l e n t s . i n

5Talents Magazine

April 2013

19

Sadhu Sundar Singh was born in 1889 in Patiala which is in Punjab,
India. His family was very religious and raised him up teaching Hinduism and visiting temples regularly. By the age of 7, he had memorized the Bhagvad Gita and by the age of 16, he had mastered the
Vedas and also the Quran. Growing up Sunder attended a school
conducted by the missionaries for some time but he was not at all
interested in the Bible and resented it.

by ELIZABETH CLAYTON
Ludhiana Express passes by his home.
That night he prayed several hours.
He said, “O God, if there is a God, reveal yourself to me tonight.” The train
was about to come early the morning.
Suddenly the room filled with a glow. It
was not dawn yet and Sunder opened
the room and peeped outside. It was
sheer darkness. He closed the door and
the light grew brighter. While he was
watching this he suddenly saw a figure
appeared before him and he heard a
voice say, “How long will you deny me?
I died for you; I have given my life for
The Night that Changed Everything
you.“ He saw the man’s hands, pierced
It was a cold night of December in by nails. Sunder was astonished he
1903 when he decided he would throw was not at all hoping to see Jesus but
himself under the train, when the train some of the traditional gods whom he
At the age of 14, suddenly his mother
passed away. Sunder was very close
of his mother. He was shattered by the
loss. He was undergoing a major faith
crisis in his life. He was looking for peace
and truth. He was very confused in his
mind and was sad. He even thought
about committing suicide. He was never convinced that Jesus and his teachings were completely wrong and so he
tore the Bible and would throw stones
at preachers.

20

5Talents Magazine

April 2013

w w w . 5 Ta l e n t s . i n

worshipped. Sunder realized the Jesus
is still alive today and he fell down on
his knees and prayed to him. He experienced amazing peace and joy in his
heart which he has never experienced
before. The vision disappeared but the
joy and peace lingered in his heart. He
was now changed forever.
In 1905, on his birthday, he was baptized in an English
church in Shimla.
At that time, he decided to become
a Christian Sadhu,
so that he could
dedicate himself
to the Lord. As a
Sadhu, he wore a
yellow robe, lived
on the charity
of others, abandoned all possessions and maintained celibacy.
He was convinced
that this was the
best way to introduce the Gospel
of Jesus Christ to his people since it was
the only way which his people were accustomed to. In addition, he also wanted to be free to devote himself to the
Lord. His family ostracized him.

to repay evil with kindness and to win
over his enemies by love. Towards the
end of his life, he had many health issues due to excessive traveling. He
wrote many books during these times.
Finally in 1929, Sadhu Sundar Singh
was on a trip to Tibet with some other
traders. He had walked several miles
beyond
Badrinath
on the snowy mountains. The road to
Tibet is very steep
and difficult mountainous trail. He was
on this road and he
never returned back.
His friends went all
the way to search
him but never found
him. Nobody knows
exactly what happened to him.

Sadhu Sundar singh
is called the “Apostle
with bleeding feet”.
He was a Christian
monk, and his work
and ministry to spread
the gospel of Jesus Christ in India and
South Asian region is matchless. He represented Christ and Christianity in a Indian form. He was truly a Sadhu, who
found his Salvation, only through life,
death and resurrection of Jesus Christ,
He traveled extensively all over India his Guru.
and Ceylon. He visited Malaysia, Japan and China between 1918-1919. Today, let us think about our Christian
He also went to Western Europe, Aus- life. Are we following Jesus with all our
tralia and Israel in between 1920-1922. heart, mind and strength? Let us learn
He preached in many cities; Jerusalem, from the life story of Sadhu Sundhar
Lima, Berlin and Amsterdam among Singh. As Apostle Paul says in Philippiothers. Despite his growing fame, Sadhu ans 5:21 “For to me to live is Christ, and
Sundar singh retained a modest nature, to die is gain.” Let us live for Christ to
desiring only to follow Jesus’ example: spread His gospel to the gentiles.
5Talents Magazine

April 2013

21

movie

T

his is one of the best movies I
have ever seen on unconditional
love! The film uses a modern setting and features well-known actor
Sean Astin as a youth leader named
Stuart who shares the story of Hosea
and his unconditional love for Gomer
to illustrate God’s love for mankind. This
is a powerful story of redemption.
A troubled teen named Ashley joins
the youth group on a camping trip
and she is like a fish out of water. Although the youth group attempts
to reach out to her she simply wants
to be left alone. Yet one evening at
the camp Stuart tells the story of Hosea and although some of the young
adults can’t believe the patience and
love of Hosea, Stuart proclaims it to
be an amazing love and, in the end,
the group agrees. They even see a
dramatic change in Ashley. The movie
also features a cameo by Sean Astin’s
mother, Patty Duke, as well as a role
played by Erin Bethea of “Fireproof”.
She plays Stuart’s wife Beth.
This one should not be missed! It’s a
perfect film for a church night or youth
group. In one scene Stuart asks each
of the campers what their favorite
book is in the Bible. He receives a different answer from each of them and
declares that God made everyone different but loves each one. We are recommending the film for ages twelve
plus due to a few sophisticated themes
including Gomer being unfaithful to
her husband but the point is made that
Hosea displays unconditional love for
his wife, redeeming her from the slave
market; just as God displays the same
love toward us. Don’t miss this one!

movie review
We’re all different
– God made us this
way. We all need a
dose of unconditional love. Great dramatization of Hosea and
a story of the enduring love that God has
for us. It made the
Bible story of Hosea
come alive and applicable to us today!
Must Watch!!!

Our Next Review on

“Escape”
5Talents Magazine

April 2013

23

