Interview

Technology

Movie Review

Questions?

issue 2 august 2012

discovering talents for gods’ kingdom

MIRACLE
REALLY HAPPENS!

Pavithran

LOVE YOU
investing our talents
for his kingdom

editorial

Pray
for
India
It’s August!
Soon we will be participating in many
events, in education institutes or in
Church to celebrate the Independence Day of our country.
“Holding flags in our hand and singing National Anthem or the song of
Anil Kanthji “Pray for India”. Some of us
will also watch the live telecast from
Delhi Red fort to watch the festival and
demonstration of the powers of India.

When people are not taught what is
right and what is wrong then society
becomes a dangerous place to live,
work or play for all.
It’s a time to pray for the nation.
“If my people, who are called by my
name, will humble themselves and
pray and seek my face and turn from
their wicked ways, then will I hear from
heaven and will forgive their sin and
will heal their land.” 2 Chron. 7:14
May God Bless you.
Premasis Satman
Executive Director

No doubt we all will become very
emotional and patriotic toward the
nation. Yes! Thousands of people have
sacrificed them self to get the freedom from the slavery of over 100 years.
Now we are testifying the 67th year of
Independence.
But how are we enjoying the freedom?
Present society does not even have
a clue towards what freedom is? We
think freedom means to do whatever
we want, to have drugs, drinks and
sexual immoralities. Recall, the recent
case in Guwahati, a minor girl is molestated in public by more than 50 people. An infant died as the incubator is
removed because the parent is unable to pay Rs. 200 at a govt hospital in
Punjab. At the root of violence, crime
and an unsafe environment is the lack
of basic moral and ethical values.
2

5Talents Magazine

Share it : www.5talents.in

Table of Contents
cOVER FEATURE

Talent Search # 3

Featuring Pavithran Golconda, a
life journey testimony from a corrupt
youth to a soul saver. Discovered
himself as a drummer and Cameraman for the Kingdom of God. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 4

Infographic

King James Version has completed 400 years in
2011. The infographic contains some fun facts
about the King James Version of the Bible.
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 10

Movie Review
5 REASON TO WATCH THE MOVIE

“The Secrets of Johnathan Sperry”
An wise old Christian man imparts Biblical truths to
three boys during the summer of 1970. . . . . . . . . . 20

Missionery Story
Martin Luther - The Reformer

fascinating story of Martin Luther, history’s most important reformer, first person to translate and print the
Bible in German, and great hero of Christian history. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 18

articles
Life as a hanging bridge . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 8
- Deepakshi Satman
Investing our talents for His kingdom . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 12
- Pankaj Nayak
Love You . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 15
- Prem Sundar Anand
August 2012

3

MIRACLE
REALLY
HAPPENS!

Pavithran
Golconda
PANKAJ NAYAK
The story of Pavithran is just a
classic Christian movie but this is
real one. He has gone with very
difficult times in his life - a life full
of anger, depression and loneliness. When he accepted Jesus
as his personal savior, his world
completely changed. He continued to seek himself to be used
for God’s kingdom. Pavithran has
shared his personal testimony
with us and he claims “ Miracle
really happens”. 5Talents team
were very glad to interview him
about his life and the talent that
he use for His Kingdom.
4

5Talents Magazine

TESTIMONY
I grew up in Hyderabad, India in a
Christian home. My family always took
me to church but I never wanted to
go, nor did I believe anything about
the Christian faith. I enjoy spending
time with my friends by smoking and
drinking alcohol. Eventually, I became
a street fighter. The situation got so
worst that I had to sign in at the police station every day. My family never
knew about this. I was living in a dark
world without peace.
One day, I realized that what I was
doing is wrong and I need to change
myself. There was no one to counsel
me because they fear to talk to me. I
was going to the Church but my interShare it : www.5talents.in

est is on the music and drums rather
than the word of God. Again, I was
reverting back to the old dirty life.
People who used to like me started to
hate me. Some fought with me too.
This made me very sad. When I was a
bad person, I was happy but when I
was doing good things, people were
hurting me. I was very upset and depressed. It was so hurting that, I went
to a lake to try to kill myself. I cut my
wrists, the blood split. I started to lose
consciousness and fell into the water.
The water became red. I started to
really panic...and the only thing that
I instinctively could do in my fear was
ask forgiveness to God. I said: “God if
you save me from death, I will give my
life to you and I will share your Love to
the world.”

clothing and gifts for those in need.
God has blessed me so much and so
I continue to bless others. We were
unable to meet the financial need
for the ministry and I was jobless too.
During these days I was helping the
Church in Photo and Videography. I
met Mr. Raj, a camera operator from
Joyce Meyer Ministries, who supported and guided me to be a professional cameraman. Later, I was hired
as a camera operator at Joyce Meyer Ministries. I was so thankful to God
that he fulfilled his promise. Now I got
money to give back to Him spending
for ministerial work.

Early in my ministry my father passed
away. During this hard time God
strengthened me.

Some people call us radicals for
Christ. And that’s what I am. I am His
child, He calls me son. He rescued me
from my sins and gave me a new life;
a God centered life. Before, I was a
Christian, I never understood God’s
love. I knew His name but not His
grace. I knew that He was merciful,
but now I know his compassion. God
has blessed me very much! In the
past, I didn’t have enough money to
travel by city bus, now I am flying on
international flights for His glory. In the
past, I didn’t have enough money
to eat, now I am feeding hundreds
of poor children. In the past, I knew
nothing about running cameras, now
I am a professional camera operator
and have made many international
documentaries. When I was a bad
person, I hurt so many people. But
Praise God now, I am sharing God’s
love with them and many souls have
been saved.

I founded a charity “For The People”
which is headed by our band pastor,
Mr. Allen. We feed hundreds of poor
people every month. We also provide

I hope you were all inspired by my
testimony. My name is Pavithran Golconda, and this is my miracle.
MIRACLE REALLY HAPPENS!

God heard my prayer that day and
He rescued me from death. I don’t
know how it happened but I found
myself in a hospital bed, I woke up
and realized that without Him I would
not get this second life. I accepted
Jesus Christ as my personal Lord and
Savior forever.
I went to a fellowship seeking more
about Him. About a year later I dedicated myself for the full time ministry.
We started a band called “Njavoice”.
The band goes to villages and shares
the love of Jesus Christ with non-believers.

August 2012

5

5Talents: Are you thankful to any particular person or source that helped
you to stay strong to reveal the talents?
I came across with Mr. Raj who encouraged me and taught me to
become a professional cameraman.
I appreciate Mr. Raj for his support.

CONVERSATION WITH PAVITRAN
5Talents: How do you usually start your
day in respect of spending time with
God?
I always worship God in my heart. I
read the Bible and pray to God in the
morning.
5Talents: How and when you discovered your photography and videography talent?
I like gadgets and cameras. I found
interest in taking photographs, and this
is what the talent I discovered in me
gifted by God to use for His kingdom.
I started to take photos and videos at
my church which was appreciated by
the leaders and others.
5Talents: Did you have any special
training or coaching, or did it all come
naturally?
The excitement for photo and videography was springing up in me. To
develop the skills I took support & help
from professionals.
6

5Talents Magazine

5Talents: In what major ways you are
using your talent for God’s glory?
Everything thing God provides me is
His. If I see someone in need, I help
them. God has given me so much
I can’t thank Him enough. I am the
official magazine photographer of
Joyce Meyer Ministries. Since I have
been working for Joyce Meyer Ministries I have helped create many
documentaries of church updates,
church news, and church testimonies.
5Talents: What important lessons has
the Lord taught you through your talent?
I hope that my images can express
God’s love or the need for his love.
Have you been inspired by any professional Christian photographer?
Yes, I am inspired by Mr. Raj Edurolu
and Mr. Mani Kumar. They are the experienced and dedicated person in
this media. I always get professional
help from them.
5Talents: In what ways has God used
you to bring blessing to others?
God has given me a heart for those
in need. I will do whatever he asked
me to do.
One time, a woman with a child
came up to me and asked me for
some money to eat. I only had 30 rupees so I gave all of it to her. She was
very thankful but also confused as to
Share it : www.5talents.in

why I would give her all of my money
when I had not eaten for 2 days. I
told her “God will provide for me.”
Even If I am very hungry I will never
leave God because God is faithful.
5Talents: Let us know your experience working with Christian organization?
I like working for Joyce Meyer Ministries because we do lots of ministry
work and documentary work. Documentaries are important because
they have the power to influence
people. I enjoy shoot realistic photos and videos. Mostly the ministry
work among the children and gospel events. I search for real people,
smiling, listening, crying filled with holy
spirit among the crowd and take
snaps. These emotion sights inspires
me a lot. I could feel the spirit of God
moving around the mass when I
watch through the lenses.
5Talents: How much is there is a need
of a Video/Photography in a Christian
organization?
It’s very important to have Videographers and Photographers in Christian
organizations. Definitely there is a
need of creative and media people
for organizations. These people have
the power to influence others for
God. One testimony has the power
to change many lives. Every image
has the power to reveal God’s love
and Glory to the world.
5Talents: As you are quite experience
in this profession there are many opportunities in the secular world. Why
would you like to work with Christian
services sector?
I have passion for Jesus. I am born to
serve Him, if my videos can change

the lives of those who watch them
and to make them fall in love with Jesus, why would I want to do anything
else for the secular world.

5Talents: Do you have any encouraging ideas for others to improve their
photo and videography talent?
First learn basic photography with
film cameras because you will learn
good aperture and shutter speed settings. The true photographer knows
how to get the best shot manually.
Try to take realistic images from the
nature and you will improve the quality of the image. A good SLR camera
would be best to start.
5Talents: What would you say to the
one, who are talented but are sad
because they are not given an opportunity to use it... or the talent is not
recognized by others?
Don’t worry if your talents are not recognized by others. Give your full effort and do the best work. If you are
using your talents for the real purpose
to full God’s will, surely you will be
given opportunities in His due time.
Hope you are blessed with the testimony and conversation with Mr.
Pavitram. Yes, Miracle Happens!!
August 2012

7

Life as a
hanging
bridge!

deepakshi satman
T

he Bandra-Worli Sea Link! What
a magnificent engineering work!
It is about 5,600 meter long, a cable
stayed bridge with pre-stressed concrete-steel via ducts on either side
that links Bandra and the western
suburbs of Mumbai with Worli.

travelling over Worli Bridge, Mumbai
enjoying the ride on the cable stayed
bridge. The weather was awesome
and cool breeze coming across;
the water down the bridge is clear
and blue. I was enjoying the beautiful scenario around and excited to
see where the bridge will end. Later,
when I was in the mid of my travelDid you ever travel on a hanging
ling, started to fear by thinking “Will
bridge? The bridge which seems to
be shakes to and fro as the heavy ve- this cable stayed bridge be strong
enough to hold as number of four
hicle passes, scary to see down and
wheelers are passing by at a time?”
funny thing is sometimes we even
I couldn’t see the other end of the
cannot see the other end of the
bridge as it is too long. It’s beyond
bridge will not be visible to our eye.
my vision and I started to fear whethLast year, on 28th November, I was
8

5Talents Magazine

Share it : www.5talents.in

er I could be able to reach the other
end? I was scared looking at the
cable hanging on which the bridge
was supported. What if, one cable
breaks or lost its grip? I know this
bridge is just two years old and in average 30K vehicles passes every day.
The construction is so well planned
and can hold its life more than hundred years. But, I was very happy to
see the architecture and design but
inside I doubt its firmness. With little
excitement and anxiety I passed the
bridge.
Then, I taught for a while thinking
about the uncertainties that we face
in our daily life. It is same like this
bridge hanging across where there
is no guarantee or hope of reaching
to the other end of the bridge. There
will be many twists and tilts, ups and
downs, sometimes even dangerous
and worst situations in our life.
I could remember only one word
when I was travelling on that bridge
and it is “Faith”. Only complete faith
in God would make my journey comfortable and safe for me to reach the
other end. I can’t see the other end
of the bridge but still, I believed that
God will make me to reach the other
end very safely. And it was so! Even
for life seems to be hanging bridge
but, when we start building faith,
compete trust and seeking His will in
our life; uncertain things are going
to be certain, God will lift us up in His
due time very safely.

hope for will actually happen; it gives
us assurance about things we cannot
see…”

1 Corinthians 16:13
“Be on your guard; stand firm in the
faith; be men of courage; be strong.”
My friends,
I just want to encourage you to hold
on FAITH in God in spite of your worst
situations. Truly, you will see the things
changing and impossible things turn
out to be possible ones. Amen!
Faith allows things to happen. It is
the power that comes from a fearless heart. And when a fearless heart
believes, miracles happen.

Where hope grows, miracles
blossom. - Elna Rae

This life is full of twists and turns but,
need not to worry my dear friends
because God is still working in our
lives. We come across lot of confuAs the bible says in Hebrews 11:1,
sions, discouragement, denied, ques“Faith is the confidence that what we tions, despised, rejected, abuse……
August 2012

9

400 years
1611

2011

of the

King James Version
On May 2, 1611, the Church
of
England
published
the

King

James

Version

of the Bible, (known in England
as the Authorised Version).

The KJV was first printed
using Blackletter typeface

Number of idioms

the
KJV
has
contributed
to

(also known as Gothic Script or Gothic Minuscule.)

English
Examples

he LORD is * my shepheard, I
shall not want. 2 He maketh me
to lie down in greene pastures: he
leaveth mee beside the still waters.

Cost of first KJV Bibles
The salt of
the earth

Signs of
the times

A drop in
the bucket

10-12 shillings

in 1611
About 1 day’s wages
for a military captain

Eye to eye

About 2 week’s pay
for a laborer

Looseleaf Bound
Labour of love

10 shillings 12shillings

About 6 month’s pay
for a female servant

Words Used in the KJV

Number of Words

in the KJV

8,326 4,563 3,162 3,058 2,154
Unto

Thou

Thee

Ye

Hath

Infographic Design by: Premasis

Number of

scholars who
translated

the KJV
Since 1611 the KJV has been updated
about 100,000 times to give us the translation of the KJV we have today. Almost
all of these updates are minor spelling
and punctuation changes.

Locations
University of Cambridge
University of Oxford
Oxford

Jerusalem Chamber,
Westminster Abbey
Stationers’ Hall

Cambridge
London

pankaj kumar nayak
Today’s world is busy running
after success and achievement.
Science and technology are two entity which helps to develop a nation.
And we people play a major role
to make use of these entities to develop the world. When we talk about
development and success, it is also
indicates each one’s personal de-

12

5Talents Magazine

velopment and achievement where
we invest our time, hard work and
talents. We see many people work
hard for their study, career, job and
mainly for their individual growth,
which adds an achievement to the
world too.
So most people are busy to take this
world to the height of development,
where people will have better and
comfortable lives. One would really appreciate someone who gives
his/her best to achieve something.
Parents are really glad when their
children work hard day and night
to score good marks in exam. One
company would really like to hire a
skilled and hard worker. Any cricket
selection board looks out for good
all-rounder to perform well in tournaments. And there are many more
examples that require hard work and
talents for a success and a great
achievement.

Share it : www.5talents.in

Success with science and technology empower the professionals, business and this world very easily and
effectively. By investing talents and
skills, we can become a successful
business man, successful leader, a
celebrity, a great tech-guy, a famous singer and musician or a rich
man.
However, my dear brother and sister,
what we do in this world all seems
great for sure, but for this world
alone, and not for God’s kingdom or
for HIS glory. The Bible says everyone
has their blessings as gift and talent.
The blessing and gifts are mentioned
through many parables;

“We have different gifts,
according to the grace
given to each of us. If your
gift is prophesying, then
prophesy in accordance
with your faith; if it is serving,
then serve; if it is teaching,
then teach; if it is to encourage, then give encouragement; if it is giving, then give
generously; if it is to lead,
do it diligently; if it is to show
mercy, do it cheerfully” (Romans 12:6-8)

It’s so amazing that everyone has
special blessings from above. Some
have revealed their gifts and some
have not yet. As we read and understand the Bible, it’s necessary for
each one of us to discover and then
reveal our hidden blessings. The hidden blessings are already granted
by God as a talent, which should be
utilized for HIS kingdom purpose.
Our main concern of this life
shouldn’t be for the world’s development, but rather, for serving HIS kingdom. God is always glorified when
we serve HIM. Everything else under
the sun and in this world are for shorttime.

“So we fix our eyes not on
what is seen, but on what is
unseen. For what is seen is
temporary, but what is unseen is eternal.” 2 Cor. 4:18
Our world is filled with unsolved mysteries. Science and technology can
go so far until it collides into things
that are not measurable. Both the
despair of our struggles and the ecstasy of our successes are temporary.
So let’s keep our eyes on that which
lasts forever. That is the KINGDOM of
GOD.

August 2012

13

God wants us to be successful person being in this world for HIS Kingdom which is eternal. As we know
already, everyone are blessed with
a special gift and talent. Lets reveal
it so that we can use it for our real
world HIS kingdom.The fact , this
world really impresses and keen to
accept when something talented
thing skillfully executed. And our job
is to serve HIS kingdom with our Gods
given talents; As a Christian musician, singer, technician, preacher,
prayer warrior, prophesying or business men to solve financial needs of
doing ministry work etc. When we allow ourselves to do so, then our God
is faithful to bless us more to excel
and shine our talents.

14

5Talents Magazine

“Every good and perfect
gift is from above, coming
down from the Father of the
heavenly lights, who does
not change like shifting
shadows.” James 1:17
This will provide us the eternal peace
and happiness by investing HIS talents. Amen

Share it : www.5talents.in

O

ne day I was sitting all alone
Kept aside, my dearest phone.
Made myself cozy in my comfort zone,
It was drizzling outside in a sweet musical tone.
I held my hot coffee mug,
Packed myself in my warmest rug.
I sipped my coffee and wished I have someone to
share my ecstasy.
I was enjoying the bliss of solitude,
Forgetting for a while the busy multitude.
Watched the rain drops fall on my green lawn,
Then my joy jumped like a young fawn.

Love
you

A soft gentle voice began speaking to me… it
says…
Aren’t you enjoying these beautiful moments, where you can find time for yourself?
You are not drenched in the rain flooded
roads, rather warm indoors!
Then my mind started pondering and was
like, I am happy for a while,
And when a trouble comes up my tears
over flow like river nile,
Then I questioned the gentle voice that
was speaking to me – “so which number I
can dial in emergency?
Then the voice swiftly said 333…
Call to me and I will answer you and tell you great
and unsearchable things you do not know.
(Jeremiah 33:3)

As I continued to talk… I asked the voice, why do I
have to go through so much of pain and trouble?
Is it true that if we endure the trouble, our strength
becomes double?
The voice swiftly said…
I have plans to prosper you and not to harm you
plans to give you a hope and a future…
(Jeremiah 29:11)

In all things God works for the good to those who
live him who have been called according to his
purpose.
(Romans 8:28)

Prem Sundar Anand,
love to boast about
himself that he is
loved
and
taken
cared by the great
awsesome God. He
moved from Kakinada his home town
on March 2011 and
connected with Seva
Bharat Organisation.

August 2012

15

Suffering produced perseverance; perseverance,
character; and character, hope and hope does not
disappoint us. (Romans 5:3)
Sometimes I do not understand what is happening in
my life…
The voice immediately said…
Be still and, know that I am God, (Psalm 46:10) trust in the
lord with all your heart and lean not on your own understanding in all your ways, acknowledge him and
he will make your path straight. (Prov. 3:5)
Well… then I feel so guilty when I do a mistake, I am
afraid that some destruction comes up on me.
Christ has redeemed us from the curse of the law
and now you are living in a grace period… you are
justified freely by his grace (Gal 3:13) whoever believes
in him is not condemned, father sees you through the
blood of Jesus… (John 3:18) he considers your righteous.
As far as the east is from the west so far has he removed our transgressions from us. He forgives all your
sins... (Psalm 103.12) when got himself is forgiving and
forgetting all your sins then why are you still feeling
condemned and guilty?
He has taken away your guilt by is blood…
Satan the accuser of brotheren tries to bring guilt but
just remember that you are in grace…And God sees
you as righteous
Woofh…I feel so much relieved after listening to this, I
knew it before but did not believe it so strongly!
So you man to say that even after doing so many
mistakes and blunders God continue to love me?
Yes of course!
Neither death nor life, neither angels nor demons,
Neither the present nor the future, nor any powers,
Neither height nor depth, nor anything else in all the
creation, will be able to separate us from the love of
God that is in Christ Jesus. (Romans 8:38)
Guess what! I feel some times I do not have the ability to perform, then I felt as if someone patted on my
shoulders,
You might not have the ability unlike others, but if you
16

5Talents Magazine

Share it : www.5talents.in

are in Christ you have the great authority over everything.
In everything you do, you can overflow with excellence,
as you are His royal inheritance.
You are His legal heir.
My grace is sufficient for you for my power is made perfect in weakness; in fact you need to say! When I am
weak, then I am strong!
Dear, just remember that there is someone
who loves you so much.
Every day you are experiencing His caring touch,
Have you realized how your nails grow each day?
Even if you are walking on rocks and pebbles,
Your strength is renewed like that of an eagle.
Who is doing it?
The food on our plates,
And the passing calendar dates,
The inflated market rates,
Do you think you can handle them your own?
But by a God feels you as His own.
You are carrying your phones even to the washroom, but
have you sensed His presence at least when you groom?
Is it so difficult for you to stay tuned?
He neither sleeps nor slumbers,
A God who loves even if you do blunders
He cares for you…
Therefore, walk with elegance,
As you have the completed deliverance.
If anyone hurts you, I will take the vengeance,
I don’t expect anything from you, as I know mine is an
unconditional love.
Even if you are not faithful, I will be faithful
I leaned back on to my rocking chair
and asked the voice…
May I know who is speaking?
He said I am the word of God,
I just came to tell you one thing…
Then with a query on my mind I asked Him what?
He said I LOVE YOU…
August 2012

17

Martin luther
the reformer
ELIZABETH CLAYTON

The Birth of the Reformation

m

As Martin Luther immersed himself
deeply in the study of Scripture, especially the letters written by the Apostle Paul, God’s truth broke through
and Luther came to the overwhelming knowledge that he was “saved
by grace through faith” alone (Ephesians 2:8). When he began to teach
as a professor of biblical theology at
the University of Wittenburg, his new
found enthusiasm began to spill over
into his lectures and discussions with
staff and faculty. He spoke passionately about Christ’s role as the only
mediator between God and man,
and that by grace and not through
works, are men justified and forgiven
of sin. Salvation, Luther now felt with
all assurance, was God’s free gift. It
didn’t take long for his radical ideas
to get noticed. For not only did these
revelations of God’s truth change Luther’s life, they would forever change
the direction of church history.

artin Luther was born into Roman Catholicism in the small
town of Eisleben, near modern
Berlin in Germany on November 10th
1483. His parents were Hans and Margarethe Luther, middle-class peasant
laborers. His father, a miner, worked
hard to ensure a proper education
for his son, and by age 21 Martin
Luther held a Master of Arts degree
from the University of Erfurt. Following
Hans’ dream for his son to become a
lawyer, in 1505 Martin began to study
law. Fearing for his life when a lightning strike narrowly missed him, Martin cried out a vow to God. If he lived
he promised to become a monk.
Luther entered the Augustinian Monastery at Erfurt.
Luther was always driven by fears
of hell, God’s wrath, and a need to
gain the assurance of his own salvation. Even after his ordination in 1507
he was haunted with insecurity over
his eternal fate, and disillusioned by
the immorality and corruption he
witnessed among the Catholic priests
he had visited in Rome

18

5Talents Magazine

In 1514 Luther began to serve as a
priest for Wittenburg’s Castle Church,
and people flocked to hear God’s
Word preached like never before.
During this time Luther learned of the
Share it : www.5talents.in

Luther taught that salvation is not earned by good
deeds but received only as a free gift of God’s grace
through faith in Jesus Christ as redeemer from sin.
His theology challenged the authority of the Pope
of the Roman Catholic Church by teaching that the
Bible is the only source of divinely revealed knowledge and opposed sacerdotalism by considering all
baptized Christians to be a holy priesthood.
Catholic Church’s unbiblical practice of selling indulgences. The Pope,
according to his discretion from the
“treasury of merits from the saints,”
sold religious merits in exchange for
building funds. Those who purchased
these indulgence documents were
promised a reduced punishment
for their sins, for the sins of departed
loved ones, and in some cases, total
forgiveness from all sin. Luther publicly objected to this dishonest practice
and abuse of church power.

views. And just as before, with no one
able to refute the truth of God’s Word,
Luther stood his ground. As a result,
Martin Luther’s writings were banned
declaring him a “convicted heretic.”
Luther escaped in a planned “kidnapping” to Wartburg Castle where
he was kept protected by friends for
almost a year.

During his seclusion, Luther translated
the New Testament into the German
language, giving ordinary lay people
the opportunity to read God’s Word
On October 31, 1517 Luther nailed his for themselves and distribute Bibles
famous 95-Thesis to the University’s bul- among the German people for the
letin board—the Castle Church door,
first time ever. He died on February
formally challenging church leaders
18th 1546.
on the practice of selling indulgences
and outlining the biblical doctrine of
Thus, Martin Luther, one of the most
justification by grace alone. This act
notable theologians in Christian histoof nailing his Thesis to the church door ry, is responsible for initiating the Prothas become a defining moment in
estant Reformation. To some sixteenth
Christian history, symbolic of the birth
century Christians he was hailed as
of the Protestant Reformation.
a pioneering defender of truth and
religious freedoms, to others he was
In January of 1521, Luther was official- charged as a heretic leader of a
ly excommunicated by the Pope. On religious revolt. Today most Christians
trial before the highest Roman officials would agree that he influenced the
of the Church and State, again Marshape of Protestant Christianity more
tin Luther was asked to renounce his
than any other person.
August 2012

19

movie

20

5Talents Magazine

Share it : www.5talents.in

5

review

reasons to
Best Original
watch the movie Score - 2009

1. Children can learn about love and forgiveness.
2. Born again Christian will learn their duties to
help people know God.
3. It champions several biblical truths in a way that
opens your mind and heart to the Lord.
4. It shows how one man that was willing to step up and
mentor young men in a way that would lead them
to Christ.
5. It will make you laugh, cry, and get excited all in one
setting - a complete family movie.

Christian families looking for wholesome and
satisfying entertainment
will appreciate “The Secrets of Jonathan Sperry,” the story of young
friends whose lives are
changed through friendship with a man who
does more than encourage them to study the
Bible; he sets a standard
for them to live up to in
the way that he applies
Biblical teachings to his
own behavior. Its summer vacation of 1970
setting is just right for a
“why don’t they make
films like they did in the
ol d days” story.
Jansen Panettiere
(younger brother of
Hayden Panettiere of
“Heroes”) plays Dustin, a
good kid who lives with

his single mother and
hangs out with his friends
at the local diner. He
has a crush on a girl who
works there and agonizes about how to ask her
out. His other problem
is a bully named Nick
(Taylor Boggan) who
harasses everyone.
Jonathan Sperry (“The
Love Boat’s” Gavin
McLeod), a kindly neighbor, hires Dustin to mow
his lawn. Sperry invites
Dustin and his friends
over for Bible study and
chocolate cake. He has
a way of making the
lessons very compelling — and for showing
the boys with his own
behavior and his quiet
counsel how meaningful the lessons are. When

his open-hearted and
considerate generosity
makes a difference in
Nick’s life, it makes one
in theirs, too.
The film’s parochialism
in insisting that Christianity is the only way to get
to Heaven will keep it in
the church group category. But its sincerity and
above average script
help it live up to the
teaching style of its title
character as well as the
content of his lessons. Its
portrayal of patience,
kindness, and forgiveness as the most significant and life-changing
forces of Christianity
— for those who give as
well as those who receive — are undeniably
touching.
August 2012

21

We need your support
Please share our website
to your family & friends

www.5Talents.in
Our target is to reach one lakh email subscriber by end of
2012. It is possible, if you share it to all your email contacts.
Thank you for being a part this noble cause. You will find a
sharing button in our website hompage.
22

5Talents Magazine

Share it : www.5talents.in

DISCOVERING TALENTS FOR GODS’ KINGDOM

PUBLISHER
Sharon Prayer Fellowship & Ministries
Nacharam, Hyderabad

Mr. & Mrs. Premasis Satman
CEO TechMission India
Vice President (Heaven Sent
Ministries Inc., Florida, USA)

ADVISOR

ADVISOR
Rev. K. Stephen (President of SPFM)
Rev. Ms. M. G Basanti
EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR
Premasis Satman
INTERVIEW EDITOR
Deepakshi Satman
DESIGN DIRECTOR
Pankaj Kumar Nayak
CREATIVE MANAGER
Elizabeth Clayton
5Talent Magazine is a digital magazine
published monthly.

Rev. K. Stephen
Founder & President
Sharon Prayer Fellowship
& Ministries, Hyderabad

MISSION STATEMENT
Promote increase in membership, and
growth in character, of the Church of Jesus Christ through the publication and advertisement of programs and ventures that
fulfill the great commission and propagate
sound doctrine.
ADVERTISING
To advertise in 5Talents Magazine, email us
premasis@5talents.in

Rev. Ms. M.G. Basanti
Former Regional Member of NCCI, ATTWI
(Women Desk)

5Talents Magazine grants permission for
any original article to be quoted provied
5Talents Magazine is indicated to be the
source. For use of an entire article permission must be granted. Please contact
premasis@5talents.in
CONTACT
5TALENTS, c/o Premasis Satman, LIGH-36,
APHB Colony, Moulali, Hyderabad- 40
Phone: +91 9032 690 627
August 2012

23

WE STRONGLY BELIEVE
That the Bible is the inspired and infallible word of the Living God; that it is the only
source of reliable divine revelation about God for man, and the foundation of our
faith, doctrine, and way of life
In the veracity of- the doctrine of the Trinity; the divinity of our Lord and Savior Jesus
Christ as the Son of the Living God; His virgin Birth; His Redemptive work on the Cross;
His Resurrection; His present-day ministry; and of His second coming
In the ministry of the Holy Spirit: His indwelling presence in every born-again Christian;
His baptism of the Believer for service in Christian ministry; and His work in the believer
for fruitfulness, and Christ-like character development
In the doctrine of man’s sinfulness by nature, and the need for salvation only through
Jesus Christ our Savior and Lord
In the scripturally sanctioned divine sacraments of water baptism and communion; as
divine imperatives after conversion
In the doctrine of the Church as the universal body of Christ comprising all born-again
Christians; and also in its physical and local manifestation as an assembly of bornagain Christians gathering for fellowship with the Lord and one another
In a Christ-like life of fruitfulness in character and service that reflects Holiness, Wisdom,
Faith, Love, Integrity, Submissiveness, Discipline (Self-denial), Purposefulness, and Hope

DISCOVERING TALENTS FOR GODS’ KINGDOM

GOALS

OBJECTIVE METHODS

Promote programs, ventures, and events
that exalt the name and work of Jesus
Christ our Lord; to help bring more people to repentance and fellowship with
Him

Publish a non-denominational monthly magazine at the beginning of every
month, which will be given away free
of charge that will be called 5Talents
Magazine(digital edition); to serve as our
primary medium for achieving our goals

Create awareness about spiritual and
physical tools, facilities, venture, programs, and fora available to believers in
the Lord Jesus Christ; to help them prosper in their Christian pilgrimage
Promote the healthy growth of the
church of the Lord Jesus Christ by helping to increase and deepen believers’
knowledge of the word of God through
the propagation of sound doctrine; and
by stirring up the body of Jesus Christ (His

Design and make available to the readers of the magazine a web-site where
they can access further information in
addition to what is published in the magazine
Advertise churches, ministries, programs,
events, and ventures (e.g. books, projects, movies, CDs, and etc) that promote the name and work of Jesus Christ
with sound doctrine in 5Talents Magazine
at the beginning of every month

