5

issue 11 AUGUST 2013

TALENTS
Christian Magazine

discovering talents for gods’ kingdom

Peter and
Sandra McIntosh
30th Anniversary
NewLife Assembly
of God Church

Contents Table
“From SEA to Shining
SEA”
-Peter & Sandra Mclntosh

4
30th Anniversary
NewLife
Assembly
of God Church
Empowered by
His Love
~
Karen Munroe

8
11

CHAI
Foundation Day
Celebrations

My Child in
match-Fixing!?!
~
Ingrid Albuquerque-

Solomon

“Forwe are
God’s masterpiece...”
~
John & Caroline

5Talent Magazine is a webzine published monthly.

PUBLISHER
Deepakshi Kolia

MISSION:
- Promote the Gospel of our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ
- Impact the character of individuals in the ’Body of Christ’
based on the word of God
- Advertise programs and ventures that fulfills
‘The Great Commission’ for the end time purposes

EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR
Premasis Satman

5Talents Magazine grants permission for any original article
to be quoted provided 5Talents Magazine is indicated to be
the source. For use of an entire article permission must be granted.

EDITOR IN CHIEF
Elveera Redwood
CREATIVE DIRECTOR
Elizabeth Clayton
PHOTOGRAPHY
Soumya Susan

14
17
19

ADVERTISING & MARKETING

SHILOH GLOBAL SOLUTIONS
Hyderbad: 970 082 2149
Canada: 416 502 3777
Editorial Email: emag@5talents.in
Advertising Email: bill@5talents.in

5TALENTS MAGAZINE,
LIGH-36, APHB Colony, Moulali,
Hyderabad- 500 040

“Friendship Forever”

W

e know many different
people in our life. Most
of them may simply be
acquaintances, while others be
might considered friends. Of these,
there may be only a few that we
would consider close friends.
Then, perhaps, there is that one
person who is as close to us as a
brother or sister or perhaps, as the
Bible says, “is a friend that sticks
closer than a brother” (Prov. 18:24),
someone in whom you can confide
and trust, and with whom you can
share your hopes and dreams.
A friend, who is there not only
through the good times, but also
the bad.
Jonathan and David were one of the
best examples of a true friendship,
there were also things that could
have easily destroyed their bond,
but instead, they made it stronger.
Jonathan, prince and son of Saul,
was the heir, and could have been
be the next king of Israel. He was
destined to rule after the death of
his father. Jonathan was a young
man of courage, strength, and
determination who looked to and
relied on God. On the other hand,
David, the youngest son of Jesse,
was a ruddy, bright-eyed shepherd
boy.
A single great event made both the
beginning of Jonathan and David’s
friendship and their falling from
love and favour in Saul’s eyes—
David’s defeat of the giant Goliath.
David’s courage and bravery that
day affected Jonathan deeply; he
was moved to love him as much as
his own life. He realized that they
shared much in common in the
areas of courage, bravery, strength,

loyalty, trust and faith in God. From
that day forward, they became the
best of friends.
Later on Jonathan discovered
that his father Saul, was jealous of
David and after his life. On many
occasions, Jonathan, helped David
to keep away from his father, he
also talked to Saul not to kill David.
David showed great loyalty to Saul
and Jonathan. As many times as
Jonathan and David were alone,
it would have been very easy for
David to kill Saul. David restrained
himself. David well remembered the
covenant made with his best friend
not to harm Saul’s family (I Sam.
20:14-15).
Even though David had been
anointed king, he still showed great
respect toward Jonathan—even
to the point of bowing before
him three times. After the death
of Jonathan, he searched out
Jonathan’s son Mephibosheth, and
provided for him the rest of his life.
The record of David and Jonathan’s
friendship has been recorded in
the Bible for our benefit. It pictures
the close relationship between God
the Father and Jesus Christ. They
desire that same close, personal
relationship with every human
being. Jonathan and David’s
friendship is a lasting legacy.
At the resurrection, when David
sees Jonathan, it will be just like
the last day they saw each other
in this world. They will continue to
enjoy a friendship that will last for
eternity. You too, are encouraged to
develop that kind of friendship with
God and Christ, and with other like
minded people.

Premasis Satman
Executive Director

From SEA to
Shining SEA

Peter and
Sandra McIntosh
W

in 13 nations from India to Japan, and is also
responsible for training overseas nationals and
recruiting GW’s to open new fields.

Based in Bangkok, Thailand, he oversees and
empowers 63 PAOC GW families engaged

On arriving in Bangkok, Sandra McIntosh saw
the plight of young women subjected to human
trafficking and began NightLight, an outreach
program to help young women trapped in
the enormous sex trade in Bangkok. Sandra is
also director of the Impact School of Missions
www.ismsea.com (ISM), a ministry she and
Peter established in September 2012 to train
and mobilize youth and young adults to intern
alongside of the SEA’s GW’s and other ministries.

hile serving as lead pastor at Kennedy
Road Tabernacle in Brampton, Ontario,
Peter McIntosh was already heavily
involved in international missions. With overseas
work in his heart, both Peter and his wife,
Sandra, sensed God’s call to become directly
involved in missions work and in August, 2005,
Peter was appointed to serve as the Regional
Director of the South East Asia (SEA) Region of
the Pentecostal Assemblies of Canada (PAOC)’s
International Missions.

4

5Talents Magazine

August 2013

w w w . 5 Ta l e n t s M A G . c o m

From SEA to
Shining SEA

the life changing power of Jesus Christ.

hat’s better than a group of likeminded people getting together for
a business conference? How about a
group of Christian workers, all with the same
goal of bringing the Gospel message of Jesus
to the unreached people groups of Southeast
Asia?

To achieve its goals, the PAOC has 260 Global
Workers in 50 countries, dozens of Bible
Colleges, and thousands of leaders. It has
also created schools, universities, colleges,
hospitals, medical clinics, orphanages, and
widow’s homes. Through its affiliated Bible
colleges around the world, PAOC helps train
over 3,000 indigenous students and another
15,000 in extension programs, men and
women who will be the next generation of
leaders to make a lasting impact on their
individual nations.

It was an annual event for 70 Global Workers
(GW’s), associates, and their families from
the International Missions Department of the
Pentecostal Assemblies of Canada (PAOC),
who serve in PAOC’s South East Asia (SEA)
Region under the leadership of Regional
Director Peter McIntosh.

The GW’s appointed by the PAOC must first
go through a lengthy application process
that includes both spiritual and psychological
assessments, as well as demonstrating
appropriate interpersonal skills to ensure their
calling and suitability to serve with people of
different cultures.

When the PAOC was established 100 years
ago, its founding fathers asked themselves,
“What is it that we can do better than apart?”
The answer was missions. Since that time the
PAOC has been immersed in global missions,
taking the Gospel message of Jesus Christ to
all corners of the earth, its team of workers
committed to change nations through
transformed people by the power of the Holy
Spirit.

The SEA Region conference participants came
from far and wide, within an area spanning
the Asian continent between the Arabian Sea
to the Pacific Ocean, from Thailand, India,
Japan, Philippines, Cambodia, and Sri Lanka.

W

The cornerstone of PAOC’s Missions effort
has four components.
• REACHING the lost, wherever they are—
proclaiming the message of Jesus Christ to
the spiritually lost in the world, through every
available means.
• PLANTING communities of authentic
followers of Jesus—partnering with local
believers to establish churches in more than
sixty nations.
• EQUIPPING and mentoring servant
leaders—training them to proclaim the
gospel of Christ to their own people and to
other nations.
• CARING for people—coming alongside the
poor and vulnerable and introducing them to

These are the foot soldiers of PAOC’s SEA
Region, serving God’s Kingdom in some of the
most spiritually desolate places on the face
of the earth; reaching, planting, equipping,
and caring for a desperate world trapped in
poverty, hunger, and persecution.
Bringing a divine message of hope and
redemption, many of these workers combat
daily struggles in the face of opposition by
religiously dominated governments and
authorities, many of which condemn and
even imprison both the workers and those
accepting Jesus as their Lord and Savior.
Regardless, they persist with their goal, driven
by God’s Great Commission to “Go and make
disciples of all nations” (Matthew 28:19).
The main speaker for the SEA conference
was Pastor Mark Running, from Lacombe
Pentecostal Church, in Lacombe, AB. Mark’s
key message to “Come Away to a Quiet
5Talents Magazine

August 2013

5

Place” reflected on Jesus’ word to His disciples India is also the ministry base for Frank Juelich,
in Mark 6:31, stressing the need to ‘get away’ a German born Canadian who is the longest
for a while to get some rest.
serving GW in the SEA region. Considered the
‘dean’ of PAOC’s missions effort, Frank arrived
Not surprisingly, these tried and tested GW’s in Nagpur, India in 1978, where he started
needed to ‘get away’ for this time of renewal, a children’s home with six boys in a tent. In
reflection, and rest from their labors. It was the ensuing years the home, which is now
also a time to connect, build relationships, known as Prem Sewa Shikshan Sangh (Hindi
and to share in each other’s challenges and for ‘Love, Service, Education Society’) grew
blessings. Charles Silva, a PAOC GW serving in in leaps and bounds, all credited by Frank
Sri Lanka said, “It truly was a time of refreshing to God’s divine intervention, and now takes
for our family, and a time to reconnect with care of almost 1,000 boys, along with a fully
fellow GW’s and also meet the new ones. government accredited school from 1st to
Through these retreats we’ve built some 12th grade. In addition, Frank established a
awesome relationships, which we believe will girl’s home in another district, which is now
develop into ministry opportunities.”
caring for more than 500 needy or orphaned
girls. Check http://www.premsewa.org/ to
It is the unreached ‘nations’ that matter to learn more about Frank’s work in India
God. The Greek word Jesus used in Matthew
28:19 for nations was ‘ethnos,’ which translated Like Frank Juelich, all of PAOC’s GW’s heard
into English means an ‘ethnic’ or ‘people’ the call from the book of Romans. “How,
group, not a specific country. The Joshua then, can they call on the one they have not
Project (www.joshuaproject.net) defines an believed in? And how can they believe in the
unreached nation as “a people group among one of whom they have not heard? And how
which there is no indigenous community of can they hear without someone preaching to
believing Christians with adequate numbers them? And how can anyone preach unless
and resources to evangelize this people they are sent? As it is written: “How beautiful
group.”
are the feet of those who bring good news!”
Romans 10:14-15.
Jesus’ command was to make disciples of ALL
nations. While many have been reached the These words highlight the dual responsibilities
work is far from complete and for evangelicals, faced by all Christians in fulfilling God’s Great
the SEA region represents perhaps the Commission. The GW’s are the ‘sent’ ones
greatest challenge worldwide in completing but they most certainly cannot do it alone.
the Great Commission. Joshua Project figures Following the example of St. Paul, who
show there are still 7,266 unreached nations was the first missionary to the unreached
in the world and more than 4,000 of them are
nations, all of PAOC’s GW’s have developed
within PAOC’s Southeast Asia region.
partnerships with churches and individuals
Clearly then, the task is huge. The countries who help provide them with the necessary
served by SEA have a total population of funds to cover their travel, living, and ministry
more than 2.3 billion, which is one third of the expenses while serving overseas. Those
world population, yet there are only 63 PAOC partners are crucial to the mission. They are
GW’s serving that region. One SEA Region the ‘senders’ who play a significant role as cocountry in particular faces an enormous workers in reaching the nations of the world
challenge. With a massive population of 1.2 with the Gospel Message of Jesus Christ.
billion (representing one in every five people
on the face of the earth), India is home to To learn more about PAOC’s work in Southeast
2,365 of the remaining unreached people Asia please visit the SEA website at www.
groups in the world.
impactasia.ca.
~ Rev. Anthony Baker

6

5Talents Magazine

August 2013

7

believe

for greater things
thirty years & beyond

T

hirty years! It seems like only yesterday a handful
of people gathered at Hotel Karan and began
worshipping together every Sunday. Who could
have imagined God’s wonderful plans for New Life
Assembly of God, Hyderabad?

There are two important aspects of our celebration
today. First, we are Remembering our Legacy. We are
looking back and recalling thirty years of the grace of
God upon our church: thirty years of transformed lives.
. .thirty years of miracles. . .thirty years of laughter and
of tears. . . thirty years of God’s unfailing grace. What
began as a simple step of obedience with four members
meeting in a home has blossomed to touch countless
lives. We exclaim with the Psalmist: “The Lord has done
this and it is marvelous in our eyes.” (Psalm 118:23)
The Scriptures teach us the importance of remembering.
Joshua chapter four recounts the miraculous crossing of
the Jordan River by God’s people. The Lord commanded
Joshua to carry twelve stones from the middle of the
Jordan river and deposit them on the far bank. What
was the reason? “They are to serve as a sign among you
in the future. When your children ask you ‘What do
these stones mean?’ tell them that the flow of the Jordan
was cut off before the ark of the covenant of the Lord.

8

5Talents Magazine

June 2013

These stones are to be a memorial ...forever.” (Joshua 4:
1-7) It is important to remember God’s past blessings.
The second aspect of our celebration is equally
important: Renewing our Vision. As important as it is to
remember, we would be remiss if we spent all of our time
looking back and rehearsing the things God has done
for us in the past. People who are gazing backwards
will have a hard time stepping forward. Jesus cautioned
when He was on earth, “No one who puts his hand to
the plow and looks back is fit for service in the kingdom
of God.” (Luke 9:62)
We all know that in nature life is never static. There is
constant change: things are either growing or else
declining and decaying. The same principle applies
in the spiritual realm. If we do not move forward, we
will begin to slide backwards. We cannot live today
on yesterday’s blessings. His blessings are “new every
morning” for each one of us. As a church, we also must
continually believe the Lord for new blessings and new
challenges.
On this 30th Anniversary, I believe the Lord is speaking
to us from Isaiah 42:9: “See, the former things have taken
place and new things I declare.” To state it simply, the
w w w . 5 Ta l e n t s . i n

ADVerTORIAL

Photography by Soumya Susan

past--for better or worse--is behind us. Some people
waste their time longing for the “good old days.” Others
have regrets for things in their past that they wish they
could change. Beloved, “the former things have taken
place.” We cannot change the past, nor can we live in
the past. God has new things in store for us. Greater
things are still to come!
The Lord spoke those words from Isaiah 42:9 to my heart
almost five years ago. I believe that right now we are on
the brink of one of the wonderful “new things” God has
prepared for us. Would you join your prayer and faith
with mine? “Lord, we believe for greater things!”
The Story So Far...
The New Life Assembly began on the 10th of July
1983 when Rev. Earl and Arlene Stubbs and their two
daughters gathered to worship the Lord at their home in
Sainikpuri, Secunderabad. The first three services were
held at the Stubbs’ home.
On 31st July 1983, as the Church family grew, the
meetings were moved to the conference hall of Hotel
Karan in Secunderabad, and the first meeting here had
14 people in attendance. The Church continued in Hotel

Karan for four more years, and these were wonderful
years of blessing and growth.
With an increasing need for space and amenities as the
Church family grew, the meetings were moved to a large
garage of Apex Motors on Rashtrapathi Road on 2nd
August 1987. For the next three years, this seemed like
the place to be as the Church continued to experience
God’s Presence and enjoy His goodness.
Then on 3rd June of 1990, once again the continually
expanding family had outgrown the space available at
Apex Motors, and moved to its present location at the
Millennium Gardens, Secunderabad. And through the
past 23 years of worshipping at Millennium Gardens,
God has remained faithful to His Word, touching and
transforming the lives of our members, and meeting all
their needs.
The Lord has graciously led us for almost 30 years,
and the Church has grown from strength to strength
in fellowship and in devotion. Now, the Church Family
has over 5,000 members, and we remain committed to
connecting people to Jesus and watching the change
and growth in people and the Church.

5Talents Magazine

August 2013

9

Sarah Bridals

Memories Made To Last A Lifetime

Soujanya Sunil
Bridal Consultant

We specialize in
Wedding Gowns,
Imported Wedding
Veils, Bridemaids
Dresses,Flowergirl Dresses,
Baskets, Halos,
Suit Boutannaires,
Corsages, Unity
candles and all other
Wedding accessories.
Contact:
3-5-807/1/c/1, Hyderguda,
Hyderabad - 500 029, AP, India
Phone: 91-81061-09469
Soujanayasunil@gmail.com
www.SarahBridals.net

We also undertake
Church Decorations
and Catering.
10

5Talents Magazine
Magazine
5Talents

June 2013
August
2013

. t5sTMaAl eGn.tcs10
w w w . 5 Tw
aw
l ewn2013
o. imn
5Talents Magazine
June

Empowered by His Love
By Karen Munroe

“L

ive, Love, and Laugh Often” is the
phrase written on our welcome mat
as you enter our home. It is quite worn out
from the many people who have come to visit.
One thing I can tell you about these words: it
is our desire for each person who has entered
our home to receive a rich deposit of God’s life,
love, and refreshing joy before they leave!
“Lord, teach us to love, the way you love us.”
These words have echoed a kingdom sound
deep within my soul. John 13:34-35. “Now I
am giving you a new commandment that you
love one another. Just as I have loved you,
you should also love one another.” This new
commandment is an attitude that reveals itself
in actions. The Masters command is given and
it appears to be similar to the Old Testament
commandment. But now Jesus Himself has
connected these commandments, creating a
powerful bridge of brotherly Love. What was
old has now been made new! “Thou shall love
thy neighbour” has now been released as “You
shall Love one another.” The Lord’s timing is
perfect in every way as He instructs the greatest
doctrine to His disciples in combination with
His own death. “As I have loved you”…Love to
the end…“Greater Love hath no man than this,
than to lay down his life for them.” It is by this
action the world will see Jesus and know that
we are His disciples rooted in Him.

As we “put on” the love of Jesus like a garment,
it is His life and His love that clothes us, covers
us, and leads us from the corruption of this
world into the heart of Jesus. Colossians 3:14.
“And above all these things put on love, which
is the bond of perfectness.” Imagine with me for
a moment what the world would look like if we,
the believers in Christ Jesus, were empowered
by His everlasting love. He is an endless
reservoir we can draw from and express His
love and compassion, for the entire world to
see. We are actually empowered by the Holy
Spirit to love.
When we are totally convinced that we are
loved perfectly by Him, all hindrances fall away
and we can gaze upon Him with confidence.
What a precious privilege it is to be loved so
perfectly by Jesus. What great triumph there is
to those who are loved by Him! Judges 5:31.
“So let all your enemies perish, O Lord. But let
them that love Him be like the sun when he
goes forth in His might.” This declaration has a
triumphant sound to it! Whether we are in the
middle of a great victory or a difficult situation,
we can be certain of His love. As we worship
and adore the One who loves us, faith rises.
His transforming love is released to families,
friends, cities, and nations. The fullness of
abundant life through the love of Jesus is ours
today--ours to know and ours to share.

5Talents Magazine

August 2013

11

To the Leadership Team and Church Family of
New Life Assembly of God:
Thirty years ago God had a plan!
We celebrate with you as you mark
this milestone along your journey of vision,
faithful service and excellence.
The Lord has built a house for His harvest!
“Everything God has done is because of
what God is going to do!”
Jack & Peggy Kennedy
www.TwoSilverTrumpets.ca

12

Hear
the
Sound

Breakthrough
Building teams inside out

B

reakthrough is an organization that uses
experiential learning to train teams on
behaviours and values. This outbound
training company has been in the market for
the last 13 years, impacting organizations.
Breakthrough, is a project of Sports Outreach
India, a trust established in 1993.

have an enriching experience. Breakthrough
currently has two facilities one in Bannerghatta
Road, Bangalore and the other in Annaikati
near Coimbatore. There is also an upcoming
facility at the Revive Centre in Hosur. Over the
years, 45,000 participants have visited our
campuses.

It was founded in 2000 by Robin Paul, who was
a former international athlete. Robin has also
been the Chaplain at several sporting events,
including the Sydney Olympics 2000. Using his
experience in the field of sports, Robin translated
several team concepts into impacting training
modules based on experiential education. This
led to the conception of Breakthrough. The
organization uses a large number of activities
including ropes courses in their programs.

Located 45 minutes from MG road, the
Bangalore campus of Breakthrough gives
participants an opportunity to do activities
like rappelling on a rock which is present in
the facility. Right on top of the rock is tree that
over the years has challenged lives. The tree is
special as it has broken through the rock which
was its challenge and has made it a source of
strength for itself. That’s where Breakthrough
derives it’s logo from. The tree is used by the
Breakthrough team to challenge participants
to turn the difficulties in life as opportunities.
With a vision, to impact lives, Breakthrough
is working towards creating life changing
experiences.

In addition to corporates, students from schools
and colleges visit Breakthrough for various
developmental programs. Various Christian
groups have also visited Breakthrough to

5Talents Magazine

August 2013

13

CHAI Foundation Day
Celebrations

C

HAI’s 70th Foundation Day was celebrated
on 29th July 2013 by member institutions
with various programmes like tree
planting, medical camps, blood donation and eye
camps, health education classes etc. Diabetes,
and tuberculosis check-up camps were conducted
by 692 member institutions. In all, 45637 people,
including women and children, were tested for
diabetes. They were also given help in seeking
treatment in various hospitals and health centres
as well as tips on follow-up.
CHAI’s journey through the seven decades has
been an inspiring saga of challenges and changes.
The story began way back in 1920 when Sr Dr
Mary Glowrey, an Australian Sister-Doctor landed
in Guntur, Andhra Pradesh, with a new vision and a
definite mission. Both the vision and mission were
translated into action when more than 70 years
ago CHAI was started by her in 1943.
The Catholic Health Association of India (CHAI) has
an expansive base of 3,410 Member Institutions
(MIs) including large, medium as well as small
hospitals, health centres, and social service
societies.

Sr Dr Mary Glowrey, the founder of CHAI, has been
declared a “Servant of God” and is on her way to
“Sainthood”. Special novena prayers were also
conducted remembering her and her services to
humankind.
At CHAI Central Office, Secunderabad, the day
was observed with a public meeting, eye testing,
diabetes and dental check-up camps.
The celebration started with a Holy Mass led by
Fr Vincent Arokiadas, Procurator and Chancellor,
Archdiocese of Hyderabad. The public meeting
started at 10.30. am Smt Minnie Mathew, IAS,
Chief Secretary (Retd), Andhra Pradesh was the
Chief Guest. His Grace Archbishop Thumma Bala
presided over the function.
Guests of honour were Ms Christine Lazarus,
Member, Legislative Assembly, Andhra Pradesh
and Smt Mariamma Thomas, Director of Postal
Services. Fr Julius Arackal, President, CHAI; and Rev
Dr Tomi Thomas, Director-General, CHAI were also
present. Unveiling of Sr. Dr. Mary Glowrey’s Portrait
was done by the Chief Guest.

Rev Dr Tomi Thomas, IMS, Director-General gave
the welcome address. Before welcoming everyone,
Starting as the Catholic Hospitals’ Association he read out the message sent by Honourable Prime
(CHA) providing curative care to people, especially Minister, Dr Manmohan Singh. “The health crisis
to the poor, women and children, the organization is the biggest adversity confronting India today.
slowly got transformed into a Health Association. Bringing a transition for poor to good health care
As CHAI grew in strength, its vision got broadened. is a state responsibility. There is a need to go ‘back
Promoting community health, CHAI began viewing to basics’ with renewed focus on PHC, preventive
health as a basic human right.
measures health education etc”, he said.
14

5Talents Magazine

August 2013

w w w . 5 Ta l e n t s M A G . c o m

Photography by Soumya Susan

29 July, 2013
In Member Institutions as well as
Central Office, Secunderabad

Then, a documentary on the life and career of Sr
Dr Mary Glowrey was shown.
Smt Mariamma Thomas while releasing the
special postal envelope praised the selfless
service rendered by Sr Dr Mary Glowrey. She
would continue to inspire everyone, she said. “I
am impressed by the similarities between vision
and mission of CHAI and the Indian Postal Service,
since both are striving to reach all the people”, she
concluded.
His Grace Archbishop Thumma Bala in his
presidential address spoke about how health
care has become inaccessible and unaffordable
to people. CHAI has been trying hard to reach
out to people at the grassroots level and Sr
Mary’s Glowrey’s example will continue to inspire
everyone in doing sincere work for the poor. Under
the leadership of Dr Tomi Thomas, CHAI will scale
new heights in taking health care to all, especially
the poor and the marginalized, he concluded.
Ms Christine Lazarus, MLA, in her felicitation
address spoke about the excellent work being
done by CHAI. It has made glorious contribution
not only to the state but the entire country.
With the blessing of Sr Dr Mary Glowrey, the
organization will go to the next level through
greater dedication, she said. She then released
the special postal cover meant for internal use.
Smt Minnie Mathew, the Chief Guest, in her address
spoke about the government’s ambitious plan
of Universal Health Care for all. But inadequate
allocation of funds will pose a constraint. Health
care has become very costly and people are

helpless. It is in total disarray. It is in this context
Catholic Institutions which make a difference have
a greater role to play. Service to humanity is service
to God. CHAI is reaching out to remote areas
which others cannot reach. CHAI will always have
the satisfaction of having left indelible footprints
wherever it has worked, she concluded.
Fr Julius Arakal, President, CHAI, in his address
congratulated everyone on behalf of the Executive
Board for their team work, spirit and commitment
for making the day a big day. What makes CHAI
different from other organizations is its identity –
an identity of serving people regardless of position
or money.
A vote of thanks was proposed by Dr Srinivas,
National Co-ordinator, Axshya Project, Global
Fund 9.
Following that, the statue of Sr Dr Mary Glowrey
was unveiled by Sr Fatima JMJ, Vice-Provincial of
JMJ Province, Hyderabad and blessed by His Grace
Archbishop Thumma Bala. An eye-testing, diabetic
and dental check-up camp was inaugurated by
Roja Rani, Registrar, Nursing Council, Andhra
Pradesh.
Tree planting inside the CHAI premises was
inaugurated by Chief Guest, Smt Minnie Mathew
and she was joined by Fr Julius Arakal, Ms
Mariamma Thomas, Ms Christine Lazarus, fourstudent interns from Canada, Sr Dr Lalitha and Sr
Fatima.
In all 188 persons’ eyes were tested; 146 people
were checked for diabetes and 83 dental cases
were examined.
15
5Talents Magazine August 2013

Breakthrough, one of India’s
leading outbound training
consultants.
Impacting lives in
Corporates, Colleges,
Schools, Churches, and
NGOs.

We invite you to come and experience a Breakthrough
Bangalore:
Breakthrough
No.80/2A, SOS Post,Bannerghatta Road,
BK Circle, Bangalore – 560076
Ph.No: 080-26852422
Mail id: robin@breakthrough-india.com

Coimbatore:
Breakthrough
At Prof PRR Training Centre
11/6, Chinna JambuKandi,
Annaikati, Coimbatore-641108
Mail id: viv@breakthrough-india.com

Visit us on www.breakthrough-india.com
Find us on Facebook at www.facebook.com/breakthrough
16
16

5Talents
5TalentsMagazine
Magazine August
August2013
2013

wwwwww
. 5. 5T T
a al el en nt st sMMAAGG. c. co omm

My Child in match-Fixing!?!
By Ingrid Albuquerque-Solomon

H

ow should we as followers of Christ
respond to the current horror of matchfixing in the game of cricket (the sport is
viewed as a religion in India)? How would we
respond were it to be our child caught in this
terrible crime?
I have three adult children and if it had to be
one of them caught in the spot\match-fixing
scandal, how would I like to respond to the
situation, and more important, how would
the Almighty One want me to respond to the
situation?
No 3 guesses about how I would want to
respond. I would cry myself hoarse before and
away from the cameras saying, “My child is
innocent; he or she is being framed!” I would
go on saying this, long after guilt is proved and
established.
How the Lord would want me to respond is
another matter altogether; and since I believe
I have been created to please Him and glorify
His Name through my life and actions, I would
follow His course. I would tell the authorities
(since there exists no authority except that
instituted by God), “I am sorry this has
happened to my child; but my prayer is that
you will conduct a fair and impartial enquiry.”

I am praying that the authorities will conduct
an impartial enquiry. Should the truth emerge
that you have done this, I will be sad, but more
than that, I want you to know that I will be
with you to see it through; you will not be on
your own; we will get through it together, my
precious one.”
When we cover up for our children’s crimes, we
do not only fail society but we sin gravely against
God. When a powerful politician’s brother-inlaw killed an innocent person in Bangalore at
point blank range, the politician moved the
powers that were and got the criminal out scot
free. A few years later, when this same powerful
man’s nephew cut his grandmother into pieces
in Hyderabad and confessed to his crime, the
man moved not heaven but earth and got his
son out of the Hyderabad jail and overnight
shipped him to US.
As I sit watching the fascinating new series
‘IN COLD BLOOD’ brought out by National
Geographic every night, I dread the day one
of the episodes will feature a terrible crime
committed by either of the two ‘freed’ criminals
mentioned above.

Lord, only You can give us the courage to do
what is right in these difficult situations, for
You know we are frail, weak and made of dust.
To my child I would send this message: “Son\ Please be with the families currently in the
daughter, first of all, I love you, no matter what. limelight.
5Talents Magazine

August 2013

17

Tears of the Bride is priced at Rs 275 + Rs 25 postal charges. Cheques in favor
of “Berean Bay Media House Pvt Ltd”. The book is also available on Amazon
Kindle at http://www.amazon.com/dp/B00D7CCWBI.
Email tearsofthebride@gmail.com or call 9880174153 for more details.
Postal Address: 001 Geobirds Manor, 2 Cline Road, Cooke Town, Bangalore 560005
18
18

5Talents
5TalentsMagazine
Magazine August
August2013
2013

wwwwww. .55TTaal leennt tssM
MAAGG. .ccoom
m

“For we are God’s masterpiece...”
~ John & Caroline Wycliss

“F

or we are God’s masterpiece. He has
created us anew in Christ Jesus, so we
can do the good things he planned for
us long ago.” Ephesians 2:10 (NLT)
Rachel and Abhi keep playing the CD repeatedly.
Surely their wedding experience was one that could
last a life time. Their all-important day was made
so memorable. Everything seemed to have fitted
so perfectly and for days people talked not just of
the beautiful bride, how gorgeous she looked but
also about the entire grand entourage.
Rachel is so grateful to Soujanya Sunil for making
many witness this unique and memorable day for
her.
Soujanya Sunil is known in the Christian circles as
the affable, creative wedding planner who makes
one’s wedding exclusive and unforgettable. She
takes charge of things for that grand day to make
you comfortable and the day perfect. She takes
care of the entire paraphernalia – down to the last
detail.
Ask Soujanya how she brings this comfort in élan
to her bride and she quips “I tell her, you take care
of each other and I will take care of the rest”. One
totally distraught mother after Soujanya’s timely
creative intervention expressed joy and relief thus,
“You came as an answer to our prayers.”
How did this all come about for an unassuming
Home Science graduate whose only aim was to
be a teacher and mold lives? No doubt she loved
teaching in the Sunday School! But that was not
it. Actually a major change in her life was about to

Soujanya Sunil

catapult her into a different trajectory.
In a way Soujanya stumbled into this profession
almost by accident. But in God’s plan there are no
accidents. Beginning with her bridal veil that she
designed herself she got to make more veils, tiaras,
and wedding accessories for family members and
relatives. Then her creativity that simply could not
be suppressed led one thing to another among
an ever widening circle of church members and
community. While she moved on in life as a
dedicated wife and mother her work got noticed
and orders kept simply pouring in.
It was at this point she was seeking to know what
God’s plan was for her in this regard. On one
hand she was equipped with a formal degree in
Home Science having topped the college and a
Masters in child Education and psychotherapy and
counseling she pursued after she married. Here
was something that was not so directly related
to her academic achievements but prospects
increased by the day.
As she waited on the Lord he confirmed her calling
with two instances. Soujanya relates “I could not
believe my ears when one brides mom hugged
me and said we would have been lost not knowing
how to go about with this all important event if we
were not directed to you. With eyes full she said
surely this is the Lord’s leading”. That day I heard
God confirm my calling to this profession.
Gifts and abilities will give you the strongest
indication of what your calling is. God will match
your calling with your capabilities. He equips those
He calls.
5Talents Magazine

August 2013

19

In determining your calling, look at your gifts:

words for the newlyweds to be. Her lessons in
psychology come to play as she counsels them and
• What are your strengths?
points them to the greatest marriage counselor
• What brings out your passion?
and guide – God and His Word - so that they have
• How do people respond when you act in your lasting marriages that are built on the Rock.
giftedness?
Surely God is not only the weaver of dreams,
Soujanya has been referred to others by her own but He answers them as well. God has limitless
one-time new brides, the pastors, and the network creativity, and Soujanya as His creation takes these
of people she associates with to get these events opportunities to create and design and produce
planned. Of course, her work speaks for itself. things of value for that Big Day.
She takes care of the entire gamut of what goes
into a wedding and plans with great detail on the God is the one who plants dreams in our hearts to
intricacies of the bridal gown, the veil, the dresses be held until the time is right to bring them to life.
for the bridesmaids and flower girls, baskets, halos,
boutonnières, corsages, unity candles et al that Soujanya identifies fully with wise woman of
make the celebrations worth it.
Proverbs 31…quite literally.
While planning through all these, Soujanya gets to She selects wool and flax and works with eager
spend long quality hours with the brides to be. As hands…… She makes linen garments and sells
an extension of her ministry she shares the best them, and supplies the merchants with sashes.
advice she learnt in her own life along with wise

WATERLESS CAR WASH INTRODUCED
FOR THE FIRST TIME IN INDIA USING
LATEST BRAZILIAN TECHNOLOGY

sERVICES
- ZERO WATER
(Scratch-free shine and protection)
- POLISHING
- technical ENGINE CLEANING
- wAXING
- CLEANING THE AIR CONDITIONING
- cleaning the interior
- revitalization
- protective film

franchise required
DRY WASH, 1st Level Parking, Cinemax, Opp. L.V. Prasad, Banjara Hills, Hyderabad
Tel: 040 - 64643411, 040 - 64643412, E-mail: info@drywashindia.com

The Anglo-Indian
Welfare Association
(Andhra Pradesh)

Congratulates
The Catholic Health
Association of India

on Acheiving Seven Decades of
Dedicated Health Services in India
The Anglo-Indian Welfare Association focusing on being united
and developing a sense of togetherness amongst our community
and ourselves.
Our aim is to promote activities that brings its members together,
be it social or religious by encouraging member participation and
volunteering in various activities.
MLA Christine Lazares
President AIWA, A.P.

5Talents Magazine

August 2013

21

ADVERTisement

Jaya School
of Education

Center for Skill
Development
EXPERT ABACUS

Jaya School of Education,
offers a range of
programs to students
of all age groups with
special emphasis on
skill development. We
conduct our programs
at schools, colleges and
have a huge network of
franchisees within India
and are exploring to
expand internationally.

A whole brain development program (Age 5 to
13 yrs)

EXPERT MATHS

Specially designed for
High School (Age 14 yrs
and above)

EXPERT HANDWRITING

Handwriting Improvement program (Age 7yrs
& above)

Head Office: 2 & 3 A, 2nd Floor, Lenaine Estate, Abids Road, Hyderbad, India
Phone: +91 - 9966568500, +91-9246812148 Email: info@jayaschoolofeducation.co

Business Seva is committed to Business as Mission, creating and
supporting sustainable businesses with focus on elevating the
marginalised, poverty stricken by creating brand new jobs.

Co-sponsor of

Quality Academics
AND
Biblical Character?
You can receive BOTH?

Business Seva, 2A, 2nd Floor, Lenaine Estate, 5 - 9 - 189,
Opp. Chermas, Abids Road,
Hyderabad - 500 001, Andhra Pradesh, India.
Mobile: +91 9581444411, 9581444422,

CHERISH YOUR HEALTH

IF

- IT IS GOOD, PRESERVE IT
- IT IS UNSTABLE, IMPROVE IT
- IT IS BEYOND WHAT YOU
CAN IMPROVE... GET HELP.

Professional Fitness Club

Ladies
only

Chirag-Ali-Lane, Abids, Hyderabad.
Tel 30608655, 9391134128

All the things you want in
a school for your child!

•
•
•
•
•
•
•

Grade Levels KG – 12
Phonetics-Based Reading
Individualized Curriculum
Diagnostics Testing
Character Building
Biblical Principles
Computer Technology

For more information contact:
Olive Learning Center
139. A.P. Tect Book Colony,
Gunrock Enclave
+91 9912205111 / 8008889574
www.olivelearningcenter.org
info@olivelearningcenter.org

23

5Talents Magazine

April 2013

w w w . 5 Ta l e n t s . i n

Featured Ministry:
Sharon Prayer Fellowship

We are registered with government
as religious and social organisation.
The audited statement of account submitted to the
Home Ministry of the Government of India every year.

Slum Kids at the Church

Women’s Retreat

Free Eye Medical Camp

Father’s Day Celebration

Food packs to the homeless

Sunday Service with
Rev. Tony Baker

Youth performing skits

Sunday Lunch to the Slums

The Ministry:
In 2004, Sharon Prayer Fellowship started with
four street kids in a slum area sharing the love
of Jesus. Presently the Church has grown to 50
families all worshiping Jesus. The youth choir of
the church has sung on national TV and Gospel
Crusades.

Areas of giving:
1. Sponor a Child $20 a month. (24 in need)
2. Sponor a Sunday Lunch for $100
3. Support for purchase of a Computer for $300
4. Support for Building Fund
how to donate
Bank transfer: Non-Indian passport
holders (International)
Account name : SHARON PRAYER
FELLOWSHIP & MINISTRIES
Account no : 30984647262
Bank name : STATE BANK OF INDIA
Bank code : 7112
Swift code : SBININBB321

How we do it:
The ministry works in the slum community in
Nacharam area of Hyderabad., helping and
building the community by identifying and
feeding the need. It has creative programs for
the Children, Youth, and Women. We regularly
conduct Medical Camp for the slum people and
food distribution to the street kids. Recently we
distributed gift boxes to the children with the Kindly send us an email stating your name and
address and the amount transferred so that we can
support of “Samaritan’s Purse”.

track the credit and acknowledge receipt of the same.

Current Need:
Its been 13 years the ministry is serving the slums.
There is requirement of a permanent building for
a development center. The center will be used for
computer learning center for the youth and day
care for the kids. We need your help to be able to
assist the poorest of the poor where the need is
most urgent.
For more info visit
www.sharonchurchindia.org
Contact Administrator @
+91 949 075 3061
Email: info@sharonchurchindia.org

Bank transfer: Indian passport holders
Account name : SHARON PRAYER
FELLOWSHIP & MINISTRIES
Account no : 006901025937
Bank name : ICICI Bank, Habsiguda
IFScode : ICIC0000069
Cheques can be made out in favour of:

“SHARON PRAYER FELLOWSHIP & MINISTRIES”

Postal address:
K. STEPHEN, 12-13-691/20, Nagarjuna Nagar, St
No. 13. Lane 1, Tarnaka,
Secunderabad – 500 017 A.P., INDIA

