5

issue 15 december 2013

TALENTS
Christian Magazine

discovering talents for gods’ kingdom

Vijay Madhukar
Mohod

I should have
told them
By George Powell
A star from
Down Under
Vanny Bourne

Contents Table
In Pursuit of Kingdom
Business - For the purpose of
honouring and serving God

4
A Star...
From
Down under

By George Powell

Rev. Peggy
I. Kennedy

16

9

~ Vanny Bourne

To Celebrate or
not to
Celebrate...

PEOPLE OF THE
PLAN

10

5Talent Magazine is a webzine published monthly.
MISSION:
- Promote the Gospel of our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ
- Impact the character of individuals in the ’Body of Christ’
based on the word of God
- Advertise programs and ventures that fulfills
‘The Great Commission’ for the end time purposes
5Talents Magazine grants permission for any original article
to be quoted provided 5Talents Magazine is indicated to be
the source. For use of an entire article permission must be granted.

PUBLISHER
Deepakshi Kolia
EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR
Premasis Satman
EDITOR

Elveera Redwood

CREATIVE DIRECTOR
Elizabeth Clayton
PHOTOGRAPHY
Soumya Susan

ADVERTISING & MARKETING

SHILOH GLOBAL SOLUTIONS
Hyderbad: 970 082 2149
Canada: 416 502 3777
Editorial: emag@5talentsmag.com
Advertising: bill@5talentsmag.com

5TALENTS MAGAZINE,
LIGH-36, APHB Colony, Moulali,
Hyderabad- 500 040

“God with us”

I

mmanuel”.
The
name,
which Matthew refers to
in his Gospel (Matthew
1:23), was first given to Jesus
by the prophet Isaiah 700
years before His birth (Isaiah
7:14). And this very special
Christmas name, as Matthew
tells us, means “God with us.”
Jesus Christ is Immanuel, “God
with us,” and I’d like to share
why this is so meaningful at
Christmas time.
God is with us, all the different
times of our life. No matter it
is a happy moments or the
sadest part of loneliness. He is
with us to protect us and guide
us.
But how he dwell in us? There
is three form how God is with
us. First, He is with us in the
form that we are the part of his
body. Eph. 5:29-30 says, …he
feeds and cares for it, just as
Christ does the church, for we
are members of his body.
Secondly, He is with us in the
form of Holy Spirit in our body.
1 Cor. 6:19-20 says your body
is a temple of the Holy Spirit.
We have to consider, are our
bodies are pure enough to
receive the Holy Spirit.
Thirdly, He is in with us in
the form of needy people.
Matthew 25:35-40 says, when
you have helped a naked, sick

or visited prison, gave drink to
thirst, you have done it for me.
See, this is how God dwell
in us in three form. But this
Christmas I want to remind
you, what is our responsibility
towards this them. Let is keep
our self pure and live righteous
to be a member of his body. Let
us always listen to the voice
of the Holy Spirit and obey
it. Let us help the needy who
are down trodden and poor
because what we are doing is
doing to the Lord of Immanuel.
That is why we need “God with
us,” Jesus Christ, our Immanuel.
Because only He can undo
what we have done. Only the
One who created us in the first
place can restore us again. Only
our Creator can break down
the wall of sin that separates
His creatures from Him. Only
He can give their lives the
meaning and completeness
they were supposed to have.
Only “God with us” can rescue
us from the oblivion that we
are heading toward.
Immanuel. In this one name,
everything humankind needs
and the entire plan of God’s
salvation is subsumed. How
blessed we are that Jesus
Christ became Immanuel, God
with us.

Premasis Satman
Executive Director

In Pursuit
of Kingdom
Business

- For the purpose of
honouring and
serving God
John Angappan
Managing Director
More Life Inc.
Malaysia

V

inay Mohod arrived in Malaysia on August
12, 2008, with the vision and desire of being
used by the Lord; this included being able
to bless ministries in his home country of India.
He started by providing support to missionaries
from his salary but the needs were great while
his salary was limited. Vinay states the very first
Scripture that he had read in this foreign land
was Eccl. 11:1, “Ship your grain across the sea
…”(NIV). This verse didn’t make any sense to me
he said because he thought that he had come
there to be employed by a company, to support
his family and some missionaries back home in
India. At first he thought, “It’s not possible!” but
continued to contribute to various ministries
in India in his limited capacity, but God had
different plans. Though the Lord had spoken,
Vinay was not responding.
In 2012, Vinay began to respond to this call by
introducing businesses to Indian ministries with
the goal of making them self-sustaining. And as
part of His plan, God brought John Angappan
into his life. Vinay said “This man understood
4

5Talents Magazine

Dec 2013

this vision, encouraged and challenged me and
also financially supported my ideas.
John had previously received a prophecy that
‘unknown men would come into his life ….. to
make a difference in his life’s ministry’. He believed
that Suhas Wakode from India, and Vinay Mohod
were two of these men. As a result of prayerfully
seeking the Lord, they decided to give 70% of
their profits to ministries in India. Then, there
was a divine connection with Mr. Teo, who is also
a man of God, and the Managing Director of
‘Power Up’, who was willing to support them in
every way in this divine mission.
In His awesome manner, God brought Suhas to
Malaysia but did not reveal exactly what He was
going to accomplish. Then one day, as Vinay
states, they were going to the beach, the car ’s oil
level was too low so they filled it up with ‘Power
Up’ engine oil. It was at this point, on this day
- 12 Feb 2013 – that they were convicted that
God wanted them to start this particular venture.
It was then that Suhas accepted this challenge
w w w . 5 Ta l e n t s M A G . c o m

by undertaking ministry in an unconventional
way. Despite obstacles and hindrances, Suhas
and the team never gave up on this mission
of establishing a ‘Kingdom’ business. God was
active in the unseen realm as He organized all
these divine appointments in order to see that
His plans were being fulfilled.
On April 3, 2013, their prophetic destiny, ‘More
Life Incorporated’, a company authorized to
import petroleum products into India, came into
existence. On Aug. 27, 2013 the first shipment
reached Mumbai’s port and was cleared by the
customs department. Finally their first shipment
arrived in Nagpur in September of 2013. God’s
grace was evident!
Most of the team were not familiar with
the requirements of conducting business in
international trade nor did they have any
experience, but God was in control and had
ordained all aspects of this endeavour. They
always experienced His favour at every stage of
the business just as He had promised in Psalm
102:13. “You will arise and have mercy on Zion;
for the time to favour her, yes, the set time has
come.”
More Life Inc. is a profitable company which
was established by three followers of Christ that
model His teachings with the goal of bringing
transformation into the lives of individuals,

John Angappan
Managing Director
More Life Inc.
Malaysia

communities and nations. This company is not
only committed to a double or triple bottom
line, but includes spiritual transformation as a
part of how it measures success. It has s a two
dimensional goal.
More Life Incorporated’s operating mandate:
“We trust God for a second exodus experience
that encompasses sociological, economical,
and spiritual freedom. Our vision is bold! It is
to have a Kingdom business that empowers an
economically depressed community. Our model
confronts felt needs and advocates finding
solutions to meet real requirements. We place
considerable demands upon the missionary, as
an agent of change, to relate to the total solutions
– economic, social, political, and religious. We
also place significant demands upon the local
people as they identify local problems, mobilize
local resources, seek local solutions and modify
local customs. While engaging in this business,
we don’t want to lose sight of the topmost value
in the project – a restored community of God
living out the covenant”.
They will continue to promote local leaders,
delegate authority, and later recognize them
for their accomplishments. More Life Inc., will
research the problems, consult with authorities,
seek funding from outside sources (if needed),
and provide local leadership. Their mandate is
to address and relate to the struggles of the

Suhas Wakode
Director
More Life Inc.
Nagpur, India
5Talents Magazine

Dec 2013

5

hurting people while refusing to profit at the was achieved in birthing Jesus who seemed as
expense of the local people, and together work ordinary a baby as any other. But, as a result
through the problems until completion.
of fulfilling her prophetic destiny, her son Jesus,
carried transformational power which was
They are a team who believes like Nehemiah invisible at the time of His birth and during His
did. “Come, let’s build the wall and suffer this early years. In the same way, “Our prophetic
indignity no longer.” Their response to His call is: destiny in More Life Inc., presently, as a nascent
“Let’s start. Let’s build!” They have a powerful organization, is not as yet, a remarkable or a
and bold vision as they work; to bring the Fortune 500 company, but we do believe that it
people’s full potential into operation. They are does have the capacity to transform many lives
a team who carry a strong sense of being on a in India”.
God-appointed mission.
This Christmas we invite all of you to dare to
Luke 8:30 says, “….Do not be afraid, Mary, for walk, to experience and to enjoy this prophetic
you have found favor with God.” Mary found destiny with us and the people in India. Merry
God’s favor as she stepped into prophetic Christmas and enjoy this Christmas season – By
destiny boldly but with risk. So does More Life E. Swarna
Inc. (Psalm 102:13)! Mary’s prophetic destiny

A note from Michael:
We at Business Seva, the Indian affiliate of Partners Worldwide,
are focused towards empowering Christian businessmen,
creating sustainable jobs, developing communities and
eradicating poverty. Our businessmen are called to use their
business to uplift the poor, the oppressed and marginalized.
On 13 to 15 November, we had organized our 2nd annual
Branch Managers’ Training Program. Thirty three participants,
including Branch Managers from Sri Lanka and Myanmar,
had an enriching experience learning from each other and
from eminent resource personnel. They were encouraged to
reinforce their calling to have life and to have it abundantly
and to serve their communities. The sessions were focused on
how God, in the Bible, had used one person such as Adam,
Abraham, Moses, Joseph, Daniel and Esther to impact their
nation or community. The participants were challenged to
be that one person whom God can use to impact the nation,
their community or their domain of influence. Finally they were
commissioned by pastors and leaders to accomplish greater
exploits for God.
Your prayer and financial support is needed. We need to raise
$55,000 to accomplish our goals. Our goal, for 2013-2014, is to
create 982 jobs, to sustain 7993 jobs, to build 4 new chapters
and to impact the countries India, Sri Lanka and Myanmar.
6

5Talents Magazine

Dec 2013

w w w . 5 Ta l e n t s M A G . c o m

5Talents Magazine

Dec 2013

7

A Star...
From
Down under

~ Vanny Bourne

V

anny Bourne is undeniable exceptional.
What grabs me is how easy her music
is to listen to. More impressive is how
she reaches across so many genres and
yields a pleasant sound.

Her first cover single was recorded, just for
her passion for singing , but it was the way in
which her talent was embraced by her Anglo
Indian community which really inspired her to
move on, to where she is today.

As an inimitable song stylist, she recently
made her debut into the music business and
with this bold Kangaroo leap, now there’s
no turning back. Born to Indian parents in
Madras Vanny emigrated to Australia when
she was 17 years old, and now calls Australia
home. She was raised in an Anglo Indian
home and always had a desire to contribute
to the community.

In this so short span of time Vanny has had
several radio interviews in Perth, and a few
of her songs are now being aired around
the world. Her desire to give back is clearly
seen when she makes her contribution to
charitable organizations from her financial
success.

I have heard her say that I am an AngloIndian and proud to announce it to the
world. She had a passion and love for
singing, inspiration came later, that propelled
her dream, and turned it into a reality. When
the odds were stacked against her, it made
her try harder and believe in herself. Deep
down, there was this undying belief and
confidence that she could sing.

8

5Talents Magazine

Dec 2013

She prays and thanks God each day for all
that He is doing in her life and more so,
using her God given talent and channelizing
it for His kingdom and glory.
Vanny has great hopes and gets tremendous
encouragement from her ever-increasing fan
club that seems to grow in the social media.
She thanks each and every one of them
for their love, support and kind thoughts appreciating her talent all the way. Vanny
says, “I always knew as a community we
w w w . 5 Ta l e n t s . i n

have a big heart’, and I want them to know
that I feel their love for me through their
loyal support and tons of encouragement.
Through my music I promise that I will make
them proud”.
Her message to all her fans in India, “to
me, a song in any language, sung from
the heart will always be heard and felt, I
hope my heart will connect with you on
December 23rd night when I sing especially
for you. My testimony to all will be that
when you see and hear me, it is only to
testify, that dreams do come true and God
is real. Do pursue your dream, and don’t
let anyone steal it from you. Accept that
God is in it, for with ‘God all things are
possible’.
She prays that her music will be a little patch
of heaven, and gives God all the glory. A
few of the favourite artists that inspire Vanny
include - Patsy Cline, Loretta Lynn and Kitty
wells. Vanny Bourne will be in Hyderabad
and will be performing live on December
23rd at the Railway Institute, Secundrabad.
5Talents Magazine

Dec 2013

9

To Celebrate
or not to
Celebrate...
By George Powell

W

ell, it’s Christmas time again . . . a time
of celebrating, exchanging gifts, and
spending time with family and friends.

I have so many fond memories from my childhood
that surround this time of the year . . .
The silver tree with the color wheel . . . some of
you might have to Google that to know what I’m
talking about.
Shaking senseless the gifts under the tree trying to
figure out what they were before opening them.
Our entire family . . . aunts, uncles, cousins . . .
everybody . . . people we hadn’t seen all year,
coming together for a great dinner and gift
exchange.
So, so many fond memories!
Now some of you might be thinking . . . is it right
for us to even celebrate Christmas? Isn’t that a
pagan holiday? The Bible doesn’t instruct us to
celebrate the birth of Jesus.
To be sure, the debate among Christians over
celebrating Christmas has been going on for
10

5Talents Magazine

Dec 2013

centuries. But then, Christians love to debate
things, so this is nothing new. And I’m sure there
are equally committed Christ followers on both
sides of the issue.
So let’s think about it . . . why do some who follow
Jesus choose not celebrate Christmas?
Here are the top reasons I hear expressed:
• The traditions surrounding Christmas have
their roots in paganism.
• The Bible doesn’t instruct us to celebrate
Jesus’ birth.
• The Bible forbids bringing a tree into
your house.
• The “world” celebrates Christmas, so
it should be something we avoid.
Here is my response to these objections.
First off, finding reliable information on the topic
of our Christmas traditions having their roots in
paganism are difficult because the origins of many
of our traditions are so vague that the sources
w w w . 5 Ta l e n t s M A G . c o m

that sources often contradict one another.

For me personally, I see this beautiful season of
the year as an amazing opportunity to set aside a
Sure, the use of candles, holly, and other items are time of the year to specifically focus on the birth
mentioned in the history of pagan worship, but to of my Lord and Savior Jesus Christ.
use them in your home and celebrations doesn’t
mean you’re a pagan worshipper.
For me, it offers a very relevant way to bring to
the minds of the people in my world the most
While there may be pagan roots in some traditions, remarkable truth of Isaiah 9:6 “For unto us a Child
there are many more traditions associated with is born, Unto us a Son is given . . . And His name
the real meaning of the season – the birth of the will be calledWonderful, Counselor, Mighty God,
Savior of the world. Bells ring out the joyful news Everlasting Father, Prince of Peace.”
. . . lights remind us of the Light of the world . . .
stars remind us of the Star of Bethlehem . . . gifts Ultimately, to celebrate or not to celebrate, is a
remind us of the Magi and their gifts to Jesus and personal decision and whatever position you hold,
God’s most amazing gift to us.
should neither be used as a club to beat others
down nor as a badge of honor lift yourself above
Secondly, while the Bible doesn’t specifically others.
instruct us to celebrate Jesus’ birth, neither does
it forbid the celebration. Just because the Bible So remember, Jesus is the true reason for the season.
doesn’t give us the specific date of Jesus’ birth Were it not for Jesus, we would have nothing to
is not justification to avoid its celebration. The celebrate . . . not even your own birthday. Because
opposite could be true as well. One could also without Jesus, life has no meaning and nothing
argue, the Bible’s silence on the issue is unspoken else matters!
approval.
Merry Christmas!
Thirdly, the passage typically referenced instructing
us not to bring a tree into the house is Jeremiah
10:1-16. Like most erroneous beliefs people
adhere to come from the misinterpretation of
scripture, here is a perfect example. The context
of these verses refers to cutting down a tree and
fashioning it into an idol and then decorating it
for the purpose of bowing down to worship it.
Personally, the only bowing down I do to the
tree in our house is to water the dang thing so
it doesn’t catch fire. Which is one reason we are
getting a fake tree this year!
You simply cannot take this passage out of its
context and use it to make a legitimate argument
against having a Christmas tree in your home.
And finally, the reality is, more and more the
world is not celebrating Christmas . . . they are
celebrating “the holidays.”

Dear Readers,

This is the same argument made by false religious
groups like the Jehovah’s Witnesses who deny the
deity of Jesus altogether. I prefer not to take my
cues from them or similar groups.

We wish your Merry Christmas and a
prosperous New Year 2014.
5Talents Team
5Talents Magazine

Dec 2013

11

“One’s destination is never a place, but a
new way of seeing things.” -- Henry Miller
Every one of us is born with curiosity to
discover, a want to see more, experience
and cherish those memories for the
rest of our lives. Travelling satisfies this
curiosity with new locations and people,
food, colour and culture to name a few.

corporate as well. An unforgettable travel
experience doesn’t always have to be
expensive one; we focus on providing our
customers value for their money.

The most remarkable trophy Yatri Holiday
holds today is its customer base built
purely out of service and no advertising.
We grow only because our customers
At Yatri Holiday, we are devoted to make are happy with Yatri Holiday services and
they help in bring other customers with
your travel experience memorable and
customized according to your preference. nothing but smiles. This encourages us
We believe in “Airport to Airport” planning to provide travelling solutions by working
closely with customers.
which means from the time you’ve
stepped out for your holiday till the
Our Success, in large part, has been
time you get back home, Yatri Holiday
based on a business philosophy that
stands by you. Our deep understanding
values quality services, commitment and
of your travelling requirements, gives
long-term customer relationship.
us the ability to meet complicated and
pinpointed journey needs. How do we
Our team, is well experienced with
do this you ask? As Yatri Holiday, we are
in-depth knowledge and excellent
travelers ourselves!
managerial skills assuring the best
Our journey began in 2006; an idea let to services to the clients at any given time.
We look forward to a long term and
the birth of Yatri Holiday and is now the
preferred one-stop- destination for many mutually beneficial relation.
happy families, friends, travelers and

12

5Talents Magazine

Dec 2013

w w w . 5 Ta l e n t s M A G . c o m

PEOPLE OF
THE PLAN
“B

Rev. Peggy I. Kennedy

A

As soon as you say the word,
“Christmas”, most people begin to
think of decorations, gifts, festive
foods, and carols. The beloved annual
celebration is well-detailed in both the
Gospel of Matthew and Luke. However, these
scriptures are about more—much more—
than seasonal pageantry. Here are the
dynamics for how the Christ will be revealed.
These chapters could be entitled: “People of
the Plan”

Luke 1 Zacharias is faithfully performing the
same religious ritual that has been performed
for hundreds of years. However, his service
unto the Lord in the Temple (note it was at the
time of prayer) was gloriously interrupted by an
angelic visitor. Zacharias just could not believe
that he and Elizabeth were about to become
personally involved with the God of the past.
He had faithfully anticipated God’s promises
but had likely dismissed himself as part of that
plan.

In whatever walk of life you are serving, you
are first of all called to be part of that plan to
reveal Christ to our world. The same dynamics
are in place today. Let me share four of them
with you. First of all, God is revealed as a
God of plans. Many think of God as the God
of past endeavors. Others consider Him as
one Who will unfold a dramatic plan at some
future date. However, when God is revealed
to us as a God Who has dynamic plans, He
is setting the stage for our participation. In

Secondly, when God gets ready to reveal the
Christ to a city, to a nation, to nations, He begins
to tell people His plans. Both Luke 1 and 2
and Matthew 2 give the account of heaven’s
messenger, the angel Gabriel, being dispatched
to announce heaven’s plans. This gives way to
the third dynamic of how God works: He begins
to call people into the plan! In any Christmas
pageant there are many characters: there’s a
Mary and a Joseph, there are angels, there’s an

16

5Talents Magazine

Dec 2013

w w w . 5 Ta l e n t s M A G . c o m

innkeeper, there are shepherds and there are
wisemen. God’s plans today for nations will
include many, many people. You are a part of
that plan! There’s no professional cast. Rather,
the Lord intends to use many in diverse walks
of life. And, that includes you!
The final dynamic to be observed in these
chapters is that when the Christ is to be
revealed, the Lord will begin to bring people
together into relationship with each other
in the plan! It was the angel Gabriel that
announced to Mary that Elizabeth, her cousin,
was also “pregnant with the plan of God”!
That relationship would be vital to confirm to
Mary that she had really heard from God. Our
relationships with each are initiated by the
Lord! This is more—much more—than just
“networking”. These relationships will all find
their place in the big picture of God! You are
a part. You are one of His chosen “people of
the plan”.

sERVICES
- ZERO WATER
(Scratch-free shine and protection)
- POLISHING
- technical ENGINE CLEANING
- wAXING
- CLEANING THE AIR CONDITIONING
- cleaning the interior
- revitalization
- protective film

DRY WASH, 1st Level Parking,
Cinemax, Opp. L.V. Prasad, Banjara
Hills, Hyderabad
Tel: 040 - 64643411, 040 - 64643412,
E-mail: info@drywashindia.com

Tears of the Bride is priced at Rs 275 +
Rs 25 postal charges. Cheques in favor
of “Berean Bay Media House Pvt Ltd”.
The book is also available on Amazon
Kindle at http://www.amazon.com/
dp/B00D7CCWBI.
Email tearsofthebride@gmail.com or
call 9880174153 for more details.
Postal Address: 001 Geobirds Manor,
2 Cline Road, Cooke Town, Bangalore
560005

5Talents Magazine

Oct 2013

17

Spread the light with Candles Art

Personalized candles with God’s Word to celebrate life

Christmas, New Year, Birthdays, Anniversaries, Wedding unity candles,
Souvenirs for corporate events etc
Glowing
Words Candles can be lit
for few hours
without the
wax spilling
over and covering the text.

For more information contact: Peppa Susan, 91-9866005040,
peppaemail@gmail.com www.facebook.com/CandlesArt

Sarah Bridals

Memories Made To Last A Lifetime

We specialize in Wedding
Gowns, Imported Wedding Veils,
Bridemaids Dresses,Flower-girl
Dresses, Baskets, Halos, Suit
Boutannaires, Corsages, Unity
candles and all other Wedding
accessories.
We also undertake Church
Decorations and Catering.

Contact:
3-5-807/1/c/1, Hyderguda,
Hyderabad - 500 029, AP, India
Phone: 91-81061-09469
Soujanayasunil@gmail.com
www.SarahBridals.net

Breakthrough, one of India’s
leading outbound training
consultants.
Impacting lives in
Corporates, Colleges,
Schools, Churches, and
NGOs.

We invite you to come and experience a Breakthrough
Bangalore:
Breakthrough
No.80/2A, SOS Post,Bannerghatta Road,
BK Circle, Bangalore – 560076
Ph.No: 080-26852422
Mail id: robin@breakthrough-india.com

Coimbatore:
Breakthrough
At Prof PRR Training Centre
11/6, Chinna JambuKandi,
Annaikati, Coimbatore-641108
Mail id: viv@breakthrough-india.com

Visit us on www.breakthrough-india.com
Find us on Facebook at www.facebook.com/breakthrough

Business Seva is committed to Business as Mission, creating and supporting
sustainable businesses with focus on elevating the marginalised, poverty
stricken by creating brand new jobs.

Co-sponsor of
Business Seva, 2A, 2nd Floor, Lenaine Estate, 5 - 9 - 189,
Opp. Chermas, Abids Road,
Hyderabad - 500 001, Andhra Pradesh, India.
Mobile: +91 9581444411, 9581444422,
E-mail: info@businessseva.com

CHERISH YOUR HEALTH

IF

- IT IS GOOD, PRESERVE IT
- IT IS UNSTABLE, IMPROVE IT
- IT IS BEYOND WHAT YOU
CAN IMPROVE... GET HELP.

Professional Fitness Club

Ladies
only
Chirag-Ali-Lane, Abids, Hyderabad.
Tel 30608655, 9391134128

23

5Talents Magazine

April 2013

w w w . 5 Ta l e n t s . i n

www.5TalentsMAG.com

