5

issue 17 february 2014

TALENTS

www.5talentsMAG.com

Christian Magazine

discovering talents for gods’ kingdom

Content Table
ACTC celebrating its
50th Anniversary.

4
What Do Your
Relationships
Say About Your
Leadership?

by George Powell

How can I find
joy in the
midst of trials?

10
17

5Talent Magazine is a webzine published monthly.
MISSION:
- Promote the Gospel of our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ
- Impact the character of individuals in the ’Body of Christ’
based on the word of God
- Advertise programs and ventures that fulfills
‘The Great Commission’ for the end time purposes
5Talents Magazine grants permission for any original article
to be quoted provided 5Talents Magazine is indicated to be
the source. For use of an entire article permission must be granted.

Getting rich
by
unjust means...

PUBLISHER
Deepakshi Kolia
EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR
Premasis Satman
EDITOR

Dr. Julious Watts

CREATIVE DIRECTOR
Elizabeth Clayton
PHOTOGRAPHY
Soumya Susan

20
ADVERTISING & MARKETING

SHILOH GLOBAL SOLUTIONS
Hyderbad: 970 082 2149
Canada: 416 502 3777
Editorial: emag@5talentsmag.com
Advertising: bill@5talentsmag.com

5TALENTS MAGAZINE,
LIGH-36, APHB Colony, Moulali,
Hyderabad- 500 040

“What is love?”

“W

e hear so much today
about love. What is
love, anyway? Is it a
feeling, an attraction, chemistry,
or what?
Love can certainly be manifested
in those ways, for sure, but the
real definition of love is that
you want the absolute best for
someone. In Christian theology,
we are told to love our enemies
(Matthew 5:44), so therefore,
we as committed Christians
should desire the absolute best
for everyone, even those we
can’t stand. And what is the
absolute best? That would be
eternal happiness in heaven
with Jesus Christ. And Jesus
showed us all that love requires
personal sacrifice on our part
for that to happen, whether
it’s by martyrdom, monetary
sacrifice, time sacrifice, prayer
sacrifice, or the sacrifice of just
being there for someone when
you would rather be elsewhere.
Love Ain’t Easy...
“When we’re young, we think
that love is a great wonderful
attraction between parents and
kids. Love means we get things
from those we love.
When we’re young adults, we
think that love may be some
kind of gooey sexual attraction.
Love means our constant urges

must be satisfied.
When we’re middle aged, we
start to learn that love is all
about self - sacrifice, and that
includes a lot of times when the
person we are self-sacrificing
for could care less about our
self-sacrifice for them.
When we are old, we learn that
love is really about valuing
the things of the next world
infinitely more than the things
of this world, and that heartfelt
prayer to God is what love is all
about..”
God is love, but if God’s love does
not dwell in you, by His Spirit,
you will surely perish. God’s
love demands righteousness.
God loves judgment. God is
mercy, and mercy rejoices
against judgment. God’s love is
so great, that it is beyond our
understanding. To turn your
back on that love, is to bring
God’s judgment against you.
Finally, the lord make you
to increase and abound in
love one toward another, and
toward all men- 1Thes 3:12.
Keep yourselves in the love
of god, looking for the mercy
of our lord jesus christ unto
eternal life-Jude 21. Mercy unto
you, and peace, and love, be
multiplied-Jude 2.

Premasis Satman
Executive Director

advertorial

Andhra Christian
Theological College
Celebrating its 50th Anniverysary

A brief historical note...

I

n the history of the church in Andhra
Pradesh an important event took place on
the 1st July 1964 with the starting of Andhra
Christian Theological College. On this day the
six representatives of six various denominations
joined together in prayer to inaugurate this
institution. This became a reality by merging the
three denominational institutions that were being
run by their respective churches. The Lutheran
Theological College at Rajahmundry, the Baptist
Theological College at Kakinada and the Andhra
United Theological College at Dornakal. Finally the
fourth institution Ramapatnam Baptist Theological
College joined in 1969 merging its GTh Classes
into B.Th and conducting BD Classes in the same
campus at Luthergiri, finally integrating 1972 with
ACTC. This was the fruit of the deliberations and
consultations carried on over a long period of
time.

ambitious institution “Andhra Union Theological
College” was crystalized. The experiment called
Andhra Union Theological College had brought a
significant change in the year 1957 following the
Harrison report that the official discussion began
on the formation of one central college for the
whole of the Telugu speaking area. The negotiating
committee was under the Chairmanship of Bishop
Whittaker until his death in 1961.

Since there was no property The Andhra Christian
Theological College started using initially the
infrastructure of Lutheran Theological College
at Luthergiri, Rajuhmundry. Later the ACTC
was shifted to its present campus in Hyderabad
in the year 1973 with acquiring of its own land
and buildings thanks to the donor agencies the
American Baptist Churches, Evangelical Lutheran
Churches in America, Canadian Baptist Church
and Evangelical Lutheran Churches in German and
It all began with the report titled “The Christian also EZE, KED, EMW who supported students in
Minister in India” by C. W. Ransom, who suggested their practical work involving them in community
to consider the setting up of one central development.
theological school for each language region.
This proposal was discussed in 1950 in meeting It was the Kretzmen’s commission that
attended by many denominational representatives recommended firmly that the denominational
at Dornakal. There the idea of setting up an theological institutions that were serving the
4

5Talents Magazine

Feb 2014

w w w . 5 Ta l e n t s M A G . c o m

advertorial

specific needs of each denomination to come
together for richer experience and greater
advantage of living and being together in an
ecumenical atmosphere. Therefore the vision
was 1) to encourage a united approach to the
enormous task of evangelism among the Telugu
speaking people. 2) to maintain highest possible
intellectual standard since the education was
rapidly increasing. 3) to use the financial and
human resource more efficiently and effectively
without duplication and overlapping.

Knoll, Dr. & Mrs. T.G. Gipson, Miss Alice Findlay,
have cooperated and helped immensely in
making this vision a reality.
The constituent churches comprise:
1. Andhra Evangelical Lutheran Church (AELC)
2. South Andhra Lutheran Church (SALC)
3. Convetion of Baptist Churches of Northern
Circars (CBCNC)
4. The Four Telugu Dioceses of the CSI
namely Dornakal, Krishna Godavari, Medak,
Rayalaseema, of Church of South India (CSI)
later Karimnagar Dioceses was formed and
joined also Nandyal Dioceses became part of
ACTC.
5. The Methodist Church of Southern Asia
Hyderabad Conference (MCSA) and
6. The Church of India, Pakistan, Burma and
Ceylon – Nandyal area ( CIPBC)

ACTC thus includes a variety of different traditions
like congregational to episcopal churches. From
various worship patterns and Eucharist beliefs.
Traditions such as Lutheran, Methodist, Baptist
and Anglican have agreed to come together in
training the future church servant leaders. In fact
it is a great come together in the history of Church
with fourteen different missionary societies in The above partner churches sponsor the
shaping this ecumenical venture.
candidates to be trained from the ministry,
nominate their representatives on the faculty, share
Special mention needs to be made of Rev. Dr. the budget of running this institution, participate
W.D. Coleman the first principal of ACTC for and co-operate in the all activity of ACTC.
his untiring efforts in making this ecumenical
Institution a reality. Along with him dynamic and The distinctive features of this institution is
able western missionaries Dr. Peery, Rev. Dr. Louis the Hall system, where in each denominations

Principals of
Uniting Colleges

5Talents Magazine

Feb 2014

5

advertorial

Lutheran theological
college, luthergiri,
rajahmundry

perspectives, practices distinctive are taught
separately for the Baptists, CSI and Lutherans
under the leadership of a dean of that Hall. In
the beginning members of each denominations
and had their Sunday worships service separately
one after one another in the Christ church at
Luthergiri , later it was realized that all should
worship together. So from 1967 – 68 each Sunday
was given to one denomination where their
entire community together worship in unity. Later
the ACTC order of service was prepared by the
worship committee incorporating the elements
of the worship of the Baptist, CSI and Lutheran
traditions. A “Geetaradhana” (worship in songs)
was prepared under the leadership of Rev. Erick
J. Lott, Chaplain of the year 1973-74. This is
how the experiments in worship are introduced
successfully time and again.
ACTC began with seven faculty members and
twenty five students brought together from

merging institutions to continue their L. Th., course.
Later it is ACTC offered Bachelor of Theology
(B. Th) Degree and later upgraded to Bachelor
of Divinity (BD). ACTC introduced Theological
Education though the external program now
named as Center for Distance Learning (CDL) to
meet the needs of the Church in the year 1973.
The institution has grown today as one the largest
of all the affiliated colleges in Serampore family
comprising of about Three Hundred internal
students studying BD and around Three Hundred
Students register to study though the (CDL). ACTC
today offers various courses designed according
to the need of the Church, B. D., M. Div., M. Min.,
D. Min., DBT., Dip. CS., BCS. Various other Courses
are in the channel.
The principal ship of the college is by rotation
of four year term. The principal of four former
denomination seminaries would get the
opportunity by the following order of rotation is

first faculty
members

AELC, CSI, CBCNC, STBC. ACTC has many unique
features which make it a better place for pastoral
training and formation. ACTC pioneered the Long
Term practical work program, and later adopted by
the Senate of Serampore College. In the last Fifty
years various new departments and institutions
are introduced like Dalit, Adivasi, Women and
Gender, SIHI, ISM to cater to the growing needs
of the Church. The communication department
which was started in 1973 is growing to became a
center for the churches in A.P.
The specialty of college is its women’s
department where the wife’s of the student are
trained. The Women are provided with basic
biblical knowledge. The women’s department
prepares curriculum for the women’s classes. The

department also Equips women with necessary
such as making pickles, Handicrafts, wine making,
knitting, making detergent for self-sufficiency in
their future ministry.
ACTC contribution is great to the spirit of
ecumenism now among the pastors in all over
A.P. Pastors fellowship are organized as inter
denominational Pastors fellowship and the
church leaders work together there is much
pulpit exchange in joint activities carried on with
great enthusiasm. The experiment of Ecumenism
has been successfully completed Fifty years and
Celebrating its Golden Jubilee this Year. The
Golden Jubilee inauguration takes place on 19th
Feb. 2014 followed by the main celebration from
June 29th to 1st of July, 2014 and the culmination
will takes place from 7th to 9th Nov. 2014.

What Do Your
Relationships
Say About Your
Leadership?
George Powell

L

ife is all about relationships. Period. If
relationships are great, life is great. If
relationships are bad, life stinks . . . at
home, in the office, and in your circle of friends. .

relationship.

So what do your relationships say about your
leadership? The really fantastic leaders I know
are great relationally. They are people, people!

Proverbs 13:10 (The Voice)

They know how to get along with others.
They are able to deal with conflict in a
constructive and healthy manner.
They possess tact.
They make you feel like you are the most
important person on the face of the earth.
But let’s face it good relationships don’t just
happen! They require intentionality, take lots of
hard work, and entail a lot of time.
So here are my top five tips on having great
relationships at home and at work.
1. Get rid of the two biggest relational
destroyers: Pride and Selfishness.
These are two sides of the same coin. They
are ugly twin sisters and have no place in a
10

5Talents Magazine

Feb 2014

The Proverb writer, Solomon said,
“Arrogance only produces arguments . . . ”

James, the half-brother of Jesus said, “Do
you know where your fights and arguments
come from? They come from the selfish
desires that war within you.”
James 4:1 (The New Century Version)
2. Figure out what makes the other person
tick.
One of the best ways to do this is to
engage the people you’re attempting to
relate to in various personality profiles.
Have you ever said of another person, “I
just can’t figure her out!” Or have you had
others say of you, “I have the hardest time
working with him. We just don’t see things
the same way.”

w w w . 5 Ta l e n t s M A G . c o m

Many times it is simply a matter of
personality, the way you’re wired, what
makes you tick.
Personality tests are lots of fun and a great
way not only to help you figure out others,
but yourself, as well.
A book I’ve enjoyed and would recommend
is “Personality Plus: How to Understand
Others by Understanding Yourself”by
Florence Littauer

Matthew 20:25-28 (New Living Translation)
4. Make the decision to communicate.
How many relationships remain unhealthy
and often crumble simply because of a
failure to communicate?
Here are a few communication helps:
•

Talk less and listen more
One of my favorite quotes is: “Wisdom is
the reward you get for a lifetime of listening
when you would have preferred to talk.”
And a very important note, while
you’re listening, listen with the intent of
understanding, not responding.

•

Learn to ask good questions.

•

Choose peace making over peace keeping.
Peacemakers choose to talk it over while
peacekeepers choose to stuff it down. This
means you have to get comfortable with
confrontation.

•

Seek first to understand before being
understood.

•

Avoid “you” statements and words like
“never” and “always.”

3. Somebody take the lead.
We’ve all seen relationships fall apart that
could have been avoided if someone
would have just taken the initiative to
start a conversation and work toward
reconciliation. But pride and selfishness
creep in and keep both parties from
stepping up.
If you’re the leader, lead! It’s that simple.
This has a lot to do with servant leadership.
Positional leaders will never do this because
they only lead from a position of authority
or some title they wear. The reason servant
leaders are the best leaders, is because
they are secure enough in their person that
they don’t need position.
Jesus was the greatest example of servant
leadership. He was Lord but it was not
beneath Him to wash His disciples’ feet.
This is what He had to say about servants
and leaders.
“But Jesus called them together and said,
‘You know that the rulers in this world lord
it over their people, and officials flaunt
their authority over those under them. But
among you it will be different. Whoever
wants to be a leader among you must be
your servant, and whoever wants to be
first among you must become your slave.
For even the Son of Man came not to be
served but to serve others and to give his
life as a ransom for many.’”

5. Be big enough, or mature, if you prefer that
word, to ask for and extend forgiveness.
In life, you’re going to get hurt, sometime
intentionally and sometimes unintentionally.
Regardless, forgiveness is the oil of great
relationships.
Someone said: The first to apologize is
the bravest . . . the first to forgive is the
strongest . . . and the first to forget is the
happiest.
So, do you desire to be a great leader? Then
focus on relationships. They will make or
break your leadership.

5Talents Magazine

Feb 2014

11

How can I find
joy in the midst
of trials?

J

ames 1:2-4 says, “Consider it pure joy, my
brothers, whenever you face trials of many
kinds, because you know that the testing of
your faith develops perseverance. Perseverance
must finish its work so that you may be mature and
complete, not lacking anything.” This is the very first
thing James writes in his letter after his salutation.
Why? Because of its import. Many Christians think
once they’ve made that decision for Christ that
everything will fall into place and life will be that
proverbial bowl of cherries. And when trials and
tough times come upon them or continue, they
begin to question, “why?” Wondering how they
could possibly endure horrible circumstances and
consider it joy.

receiving the goal of your faith, the salvation of
your souls” (1 Peter 1:6-9).
In both of these passages, we see the instruction
of what we should do. ‘Consider it pure joy…’ ‘In
this you greatly rejoice…’ Why? Because trials make
us stronger. The James passage clearly states that
the testing of our faith produces perseverance.
And the Peter passage states that our faith, which
is priceless, will be proved genuine and result in
praise to God. But how? How can we find joy in
the midst of all the junk, hardships, and painful
circumstances?
First, we need to understand that joy is not the
same as happiness. Happiness comes and goes
sometimes as often as waves hitting the shore.
Happiness isn’t something you can cling to when
you’ve lost a loved one, or are facing bankruptcy.
Joy, on the other hand can stay with you for the
long haul. The reason? Real joy is from God. For
the believer, it is like a bottomless well of water—
always an abundant supply. Even in the darkest
days, when sadness, grief, and loss may threaten
to overwhelm you, God’s joy is there.

Peter also tackles this subject of joy through trials.
“In this you greatly rejoice, though now for a little
while you may have had to suffer grief in all kinds
of trials. These have come so that your faith—of
greater worth than gold, which perishes even
though refined by fire—may be proved genuine
and may result in praise, glory and honor when
Jesus Christ is revealed. Though you have not
seen him, you love him; and even though you do
not see him now, you believe in him and are filled
with an inexpressible and glorious joy, for you are Second, we need to understand that God’s joy
17

5Talents Magazine

Feb 2014

w w w . 5 Ta l e n t s M A G . c o m

cannot be taken away. Oh, you might think that
it’s gone—that the hands of misfortune have
snatched it from you—but it’s not. As believers,
we are promised the constant presence of the
Holy Spirit. We are promised His joy. Just as our
salvation is assured through Jesus’ one-time
sacrifice for all. Jesus’ words in John 15:11, “I have
told you this so that my joy may be in you and
that your joy may be complete.” Other examples,
Acts 13:52, “And the disciples were filled with joy
and with the Holy Spirit.” Acts 16:34, “The jailer
brought them into his house and set a meal
before them; he was filled with joy because he
had come to believe in God—he and his whole
family.”
Third, we need to stop wallowing, whining and
complaining and grab onto God’s joy. Just like
salvation is a free and perfect gift from Him, we
must reach out and accept that gift. Grab onto it.
Like a lifeline. Choose joy. Over bitterness, anger,
and sorrow. Make a decision to choose joy every
day. No matter what. Look at these great examples
in Scripture: “Out of the most severe trial, their
overflowing joy and their extreme poverty welled
up in rich generosity. For I testify that they gave
as much as they were able, and even beyond
their ability” (2 Corinthians 8:2-3). “You became
imitators of us and of the Lord; in spite of severe
suffering, you welcomed the message with the
joy given by the Holy Spirit” (1 Thessalonians 1:6).
“Be joyful always” (1 Thessalonians 5:16). “You
sympathized with those in prison and joyfully
accepted the confiscation of your property,
because you knew that you yourselves had better
and lasting possessions” (Hebrews 10:34). And the
best illustration of all, “Let us fix our eyes on Jesus,
the author and perfecter of our faith, who for the
joy set before him endured the cross, scorning
its shame, and sat down at the right hand of the
throne of God” (Hebrews 12:2).
All through Scripture we see the persecution of
the church, the trials, and hardships that believers
have faced. The challenge then is to truly learn
how to consider each trial joy.

Shiloh Global Solutions is to enable
individuals to pursue a global education
that best meets their individual career
aspirations in a good and conductive
environment for study.

Learn English
Canadian trained teachers (ESL)
with a wide range of international experience in teaching
English and training individuals,
along with a well trained team
will facilitate.

Study in Canada
Canada has one of the best and
most respected education systems
in the world. Valuable Canadian
hands-on work experience can be
gained during and after completion
of studies. It is economically sound
and has a very multi-cultural society.

Contact Administrator
Hyderabad, India: 970 082 2149
Overseas, Canada: 416 502 3777

www.ShilohGlobal.com
18

5Talents Magazine

Feb 2014

MEMBER OF BUSINESSEVA

5Talents Magazine

Feb 2014

19

Getting rich
by unjust
means...

“B

E

veryone wants to become rich and this
desire is not bad. Money is an essential
factor for a better living though it alone
is not sufficient. There are many people who
has plenty of money, but having NO peace
and happiness in life. Similarly, there are many
people who are very poor, but leading a life
with full of happiness and peace. This clearly
shows that MONEY or WEALTH is not the basis
of happiness and peace in life. The source of
peace is God the almighty and anyone who
puts his trust in God can lead a peaceful life.

substandard product and cheating the customer.
Whatever due to the government has to be paid
and the rest belongs to you.

But having more money or getting more richer
is not a sin, but the means for it should be
ethical. There are many people who adopt any
kind of crookedness to make money and this
is not scriptural and God will not be pleased
in it. If you are an employee, be satisfied with
your salary or other perks, but do not make
any effort to make money by bribes, wrong
statements etc.

There are some people ( believers!) who make
money by unlawful means and spent more for
the church and charitable activities. They think
that by giving money like this, God will certify
their income statement. No, God is a just God
and never will be pleased in wealth accumulated
by unjust means.

If you are a Pastor or a Priest, never accept money
( bribe ?) to show partiality or to ignore the sins
of someone. Nowadays, the bribe has become
a normal procedure in churches for transfer of
priests or pastors. It is very shameful!
Never use the money, which is a gift of God, to
bring disgrace to the giver, the God almighty.

Let us see what Bible says about such wealth.
St. Paul says,” People who want to get rich fall
If you are a businessman, you have the into temptation and a trap and into many foolish
freedom to have your profit but not by giving a and harmful desires that plunge men into ruin
20

5Talents Magazine

Feb 2014

w w w . 5 Ta l e n t s M A G . c o m

and destruction. For the love of money is a root
of all kinds evil. Some people, eager for money,
have wandered from the faith and pierced
themselves with many griefs” - 1 Timothy 6:
9-10.
King Solomon says, “ Dishonest money dwindles
away, but who gathers money little by little by
hard work, makes it grow” - Proverbs 13:11.
Prophet Jeremiah says, “ Like a bird that hatches
eggs it did not lay is the man who gains riches
by unjust means. When his life is half gone, they
will desert him and in the end, he will prove to
be a fool.” - Jeremiah 17: 11
“ You accept bribes to shed blood, you take
usury and excessive interest and make unjust
gain from your neighbors by extortion...I will
surely strike my hands together at the unjust
gain you have made and at the blood you have
shed in your midst. Will your hands be strong in
the day I will deal with you.” - Ezekiel 22:12-14.
Let us try to keep our hands clean. Let our
financial balance sheet be attested by our LORD
ALMIGHTY. Eternity is much much valuable than
all the earthly riches. Never lose eternity.

Tears of the Bride is priced at Rs 275 +
Rs 25 postal charges. Cheques in favor
of “Berean Bay Media House Pvt Ltd”.
The book is also available on Amazon
Kindle at http://www.amazon.com/
dp/B00D7CCWBI.
Email tearsofthebride@gmail.com or
call 9880174153 for more details.
Postal Address: 001 Geobirds Manor,
2 Cline Road, Cooke Town, Bangalore
560005

5Talents Magazine

Oct 2013

21

Spread the light with Candles Art

Personalized candles with God’s Word to celebrate life

Christmas, New Year, Birthdays, Anniversaries, Wedding unity candles,
Souvenirs for corporate events etc
Glowing
Words
Candles can
be lit for few
hours without
the wax
spilling over
and covering
the text.

For more information contact: Peppa Susan, 91-9866005040,
peppaemail@gmail.com www.facebook.com/CandlesArt

Sarah Bridals

Memories Made To Last A Lifetime

We specialize in Wedding
Gowns, Imported Wedding Veils,
Bridemaids Dresses,Flower-girl
Dresses, Baskets, Halos, Suit
Boutannaires, Corsages, Unity
candles and all other Wedding
accessories.
We also undertake Church
Decorations and Catering.

Contact:
3-5-807/1/c/1, Hyderguda,
Hyderabad - 500 029, AP, India
Phone: 91-81061-09469
Soujanayasunil@gmail.com
www.SarahBridals.net

Restore Your

HAIR

Restore Your

SELF ESTEEM
Restore Your

SELF CONFIDENCE
Restore Your

LIFE
HAIR TRANSPLANTATION CENTER
Dr John. W MBBS, MD, DDVL, FRHS, MAAHRS

HAIR TRANSPLANT SURGEON, TRICHOLOGIST, DERMATOLOGIST,
COSMETOLOGIST, VENEREOLOGIST

Dr. A. S Rao Nagar & Malkajgiri
For appointment Call : 9000 56 6767
www.drjohnshairtreatment.com

