5

issue 16 january 2014

TALENTS
Christian Magazine

discovering talents for gods’ kingdom

www.5talentsMAG.com

Michael Brian

Founder - Business Seva

Swaranjit Sen
Chairman - CCCI

Joseph Wilson
Chairman - BMFI

MarketPlace
Revolution

Content Table
Marketplace Ministries
~George Powell

4

“Business Seva”
A note
from Michael
Brian

What is Kingdom
Business?

6

by Joseph Wilson

Building Better
Businesses
- Globally
by Swaranjit Sen

SEEKING
WISDOM

10

5Talent Magazine is a webzine published monthly.
MISSION:
- Promote the Gospel of our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ
- Impact the character of individuals in the ’Body of Christ’
based on the word of God
- Advertise programs and ventures that fulfills
‘The Great Commission’ for the end time purposes
5Talents Magazine grants permission for any original article
to be quoted provided 5Talents Magazine is indicated to be
the source. For use of an entire article permission must be granted.

by Sanjay

PUBLISHER
Deepakshi Kolia
EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR
Premasis Satman
EDITOR

Elveera Redwood

CREATIVE DIRECTOR
Elizabeth Clayton
PHOTOGRAPHY
Soumya Susan

14
18
ADVERTISING & MARKETING

SHILOH GLOBAL SOLUTIONS
Hyderbad: 970 082 2149
Canada: 416 502 3777
Editorial: emag@5talentsmag.com
Advertising: bill@5talentsmag.com

5TALENTS MAGAZINE,
LIGH-36, APHB Colony, Moulali,
Hyderabad- 500 040

“Bright Future”

“T

oday or tomorrow we
will go into such and
such a town and spend
a year there and trade and
make a profit”— yet you do not
know what tomorrow will bring.
(James 4:13)
Next year has been concluded in
the agenda of God. In case you
are wondering what the year
has in store for you. You should
never define your tomorrow, or
the year ahead based on the pain
you went through yesterday,
because if you do, you will be
short-changing yourself.
If you are planning for new
businesses, jobs or ideas, the
Lord wants you to submit it to
Him. Jeremiah 29:11 says “For I
know the plans I have for you,”
declares the Lord, “plans to
prosper you and not to harm
you, plans to give you hope and
a future.”
Today, we are going to continue
our journey of understanding:
We must recognize that
although God has a great plan
for 2014, it is essential for our
minds to grasp this truth in
order for it to become our
experiential reality.
The
pain,
hurt
and
disappointments of 2013 will
not follow us into the coming
year and in addition, we are

not coming out of 2013 emptyhanded.
So
look
forward
with
anticipation.
God’s
word
says ‘The expectation of the
righteous shall not be cut off’
(Proverbs 23:18).
Isaiah 43:18-19 “Remember not
the former things, nor consider
the things of old. Behold, I
am doing a new thing; now
it springs forth, do you not
perceive it? I will make a way in
the wilderness and rivers in the
desert.
God has filled the year with His
goodness. We must confess the
word of God in order for this to
be our reality. 2014 is a good
year for you. It is an exceptional
year for you, irrespective of what
you experienced in 2013. tThe
Message translation of Matthew
9:29 we are told ‘He touched
their eyes and said, “Become
what you believe”. We are what
we believe; be careful therefore
about what you allow to go on
in your mind.
2014 is a glorious, abundant,
victorious and joy-filled year.
You will be what you believe.
Your reality is the product of
your thinking. You will no longer
be chasing after blessings, they
will be chasing after you. He is
making a way in the wilderness

Premasis Satman
Executive Director

Marketplace
Ministries

George Powell

F

or about 39 years now I’ve been in pastoral
ministry. I’ve loved it and honestly couldn’t
see myself doing anything else. That
is, until recently. I’ll get to that in a minute.
Over the years I’ve had people ask me, “Why
do you like being a Pastor?” or “Why did you
choose to become a Pastor?” I can remember
my own sons asking me similar questions. I use
to take great pleasure in saying something like,
“I love knowing that what I’m doing is making
an eternal difference in people’s lives. I kind of
feel sorry for people who have to go to work
and do things that have no eternal significance.”

amount of influence in people’s lives as we
are given the privilege to teach, counsel, and
guide people in matters of spiritual significance.
But honestly, people who are out in the market
place on a daily basis have an equally enormous
opportunity to represent Jesus and influence by
living according to Christian principles that some
in full time Christian ministry may never have.
Actually when it comes to representing Jesus,
who is more effective, a paid salesman,
pastors, or satisfied customers, business
men and women in the marketplace?

Over the years, however, I’ve changed my
perspective. Here’s what I mean. One doesn’t
have to be a pastor, missionary, or in some
kind of “full time Christian service” in order
to make a difference for eternity. You can be
a plumber, sales person, business owner, or
whatever and make a difference in people’s
lives in ways that have eternal implications.

Now back to my opening statement about
loving ministry and not seeing myself doing
anything else. Just recently, about 2 years
ago, I had the opportunity of becoming
certified as an Independent Coach, Trainer,
and Speaker with the John Maxwell Team.
Since then, it has opened up a whole new
world for me as I’ve had the opportunity of
working with business men and women in
practically every field from sales to service . .
. from entrepreneurs to long-time employees
teaching and training others in leadership.

Don’t get me wrong, being a Pastor is great and
certainly positions one to have an enormous

Some are a part of the church I pastor but
many aren’t. So now, by God’s grace, He has

Maybe subconsciously I was giving that answer,
in part, so they, too, would have a desire
to “go into the ministry” like dear old dad.

4

5Talents Magazine

Jan 2014

w w w . 5 Ta l e n t s M A G . c o m

expanded my influence in ways it wouldn’t have
been felt if only focused on a local ministry.
So what’s the point? Simply this: you can make
a difference for God’s Kingdom and for His
purposes whoever you are and whatever you do.
Is God calling you to full time Christian
ministry? Then by all means answer the call.
Is God calling you to be salt and light at your place
of business? Then by all means, represent Him well.
Is God calling you to excel at your business
so you can help fund His purposes on this
earth? Then by all means make as much
as you can and give as much as you can.
I don’t see a distinction in God’s Word between
spiritual and non-spiritual work. In fact, I believe
God calls us to make a difference wherever
He has planted us and through whatever
He has gifted us to do. This world is only
temporary and the short amount of time we
have here needs to be used for His purposes.
I love Paul’s words in Colossians 3:23
(New Living Translation) “Work willingly
at whatever you do, as though you were
working for the Lord rather than for people.”
So, to make this real practical, here are some
questions to ask yourself as a businessman
or woman in the marketplace to help
assess your effectiveness for the Kingdom:
• How well do your attitudes and actions
represent Jesus?
• What are the people you work with learning
about your Heavenly Father through your
actions?
• What do your work habits communicate
about your values as a follower of Jesus?
• What steps could you take so Christ’s
character becomes more evident in your life?
Now, just for the record, I don’t see myself
leaving full-time pastoral ministry anytime soon.
But . . . if I did, I know my influence for Him
could be just as great because the reality is, it is
not what you do, but who you are that matters.
So be an attractive marketplace minister
for Jesus wherever He has placed you and
through whatever He has called you to do!

Shiloh Global Solutions is to enable
individuals to pursue a global education
that best meets their individual career
aspirations in a good and conductive
environment for study.

Learn English
Canadian trained teachers (ESL)
with a wide range of international experience in teaching
English and training individuals,
along with a well trained team
will facilitate.

Study in Canada
Canada has one of the best and
most respected education systems
in the world. Valuable Canadian
hands-on work experience can be
gained during and after completion
of studies. It is economically sound
and has a very multi-cultural society.

Contact Administrator
Hyderabad, India: 970 082 2149
Overseas, Canada: 416 502 3777

www.ShilohGlobal.com
5Talents Magazine

Jan 2014

5

advertorial

In pursuit of
Kingdom Business

Joseph Wilson
Chairman, BMFI

I

n today’s Christian business circles terms
like Kingdom Business, Business as Mission,
God @ Work are abuzz with seminars and
workshops encouraging entrepreneurs, business
persons and professionals to subscribe to it.
Amidst it many takers have shelter under the old
school of thought based on the existence of long
established businesses in the marketplace since
grandfather’s times that declare practicing biblical
principles in business is not practical. There is yet
another group that claims to be a BaM company
or a Kingdom Business just because they channel
sizable revenue for charity, ministry, missionary
support or for extending God kingdom while
business-as-usual transactions continue like any
other company. Their intentions though noble
and benevolent the modus operandi to earn
the money may not be as per biblical principles;
many ironically employ anti-biblical methods
that are usually corrupt and un-righteous. Then
again mere compliance to a few biblical principles
here and there doesn’t qualify your company or
business to become a Kingdom Enterprise.
So what makes a Kingdom Business? It got to be
overall compliance – meaning the whole gamut
of your business transactions and activities. And
biblical standards for business are just contrary
6

5Talents Magazine

Jan 2014

to what the world advocates. It starts with
conviction about the ownership of the business,
the purpose, change to a serving attitude,
upholding righteousness & integrity and applying
biblical principles in all aspects of business in
the way that brings honor to God – whether it
is personnel management, financial discipline,
taxation, honoring commitments, compliance to
statutory obligations and extends to even the
least function of the business. Matthew 5:43-48
will illuminate the above aspect. “You’re familiar
with the old written law, ‘Love your friend,’ and
its unwritten companion, ‘Hate your enemy.’ I’m
challenging that. I’m telling you to love your
enemies. Let them bring out the best in you, not
the worst. When someone gives you a hard time,
respond with the energies of prayer, for then
you are working out of your true selves, your
God-created selves. This is what God does. He
gives his best—the sun to warm and the rain to
nourish—to everyone, regardless: the good and
bad, the nice and nasty. If all you do is love the
lovable, do you expect a bonus? Anybody can do
that. If you simply say hello to those who greet
you, do you expect a medal? Any run-of-themill sinner does that.” In a word, what I’m saying
is, Grow up. You’re kingdom subjects. Now live
like it. Live out your God-created identity. Live
w w w . 5 Ta l e n t s M A G . c o m

advertorial

generously and graciously toward others, the way of God’s standards and expectations. Ephesians
God lives toward you.”
4:20-24 convicted me on this personal aspect.
‘You learned Christ! My assumption is that you
Like how reaching the fullness in Christ after have paid careful attention to him, been well
salvation is a life long process, becoming a totally instructed in the truth precisely as we have it in
kingdom enterprise is a journey – a continual Jesus. Since, then, we do not have the excuse
transforming and orienting process. You got to of ignorance, everything—and I do mean
start somewhere and it is best to start with yourself. everything—connected with that old way of life
You may call your business a kingdom enterprise has to go. It’s rotten through and through. Get
when you have resolved and start working towards rid of it! And then take on an entirely new way of
becoming one keeping in mind the fact you and life—a God-fashioned life, a life renewed from the
your organization will be keenly observed. In my inside and working itself into your conduct as God
opinion it is not necessary to advertise being a accurately reproduces his character in you.’
kingdom enterprise for it is done to glorify the
LORD – the real owner of your business. Let the To please God my life and all that I do with it is
stake-holders, employees, clients, suppliers and supremely important. When I looked back the
everyone associated and deal with you observe way I managed the affairs of my business and
and testify your business is different.
the means and methods I employed to achieve
results I was ashamed. This led to a critical self
The making of a Kingdom business starts introspection to identify the corrections needed in
with you.
me and I resolved to be open to correction from
all quarters. The meditation and consequently
My born again experience was indeed a turning the application of the word of God helped me to
point in life. It dawned to me becoming a new transform into a better person revealing the flaws
creation doesn’t begin and end with my self, just in me and replacing it with worthy qualities. This
transforming into a new personality with character brought about change in attitude; let me highlight
traits aligning with some of the fruit of the Spirit some for more understanding. Eventually I was
and biblical virtues. It would be hypocrisy to run convinced that my personal transformation alone
the business as per the dictums of the god of this is inadequate to be a Christian and the desire to
world and also be a child of God as the same time. transform my business into a Kingdom Enterprise
So Kingdom business is about all that I do in the swelled in me marking the start of a journey.
marketplace or profession for a living and more
importantly also about how I deal with family, What you talk matters?
business, social, and ministry related matters and
every other sphere of daily life.
Doing business could involve a lot of talking and
communication. In the past the use of abusive
The place of work is where I spend most of the language and foul words when interacting with
time, making decisions everyday, exercising staff and employees was something I took pride
influence and authority. My words, deeds and in that got rooted as a habit in me until the word
actions have tremendous impact over every of God revealed I will be accountable for every
person I encounter or deal with daily. And next to idle useless work spoken. The Message version
home it is in the work place where my character of Matthew 12:35-37 states – “It’s your heart, not
and integrity is tested. How I react in a crisis, the dictionary that gives meaning to your words.
endure trying situations, respond to challenges A good person produces good deeds and words
that is not only noticed but carefully observed by season after season. An evil person is a blight on
all around me. They may appear to be passive the orchard. Let me tell you something: Every one
but their affirmation is important to my claim as of these careless words is going to come back
kingdom business.
to haunt you. There will be a time of Reckoning.
Words are powerful; take them seriously. Words
The more I meditated the word of God deeper can be your salvation. Words can also be your
was my realization as to how much I fell short damnation.”
5Talents Magazine

Jan 2014

7

Profane talk and abusive language in business
and daily transactions can defile you and the
organization. Jesus said, “It’s not what goes into
your mouth that defiles you; you are defiled
by the words that come out of your mouth.” Matthew 15:11. Careless usage of words can be an
obstacle to entering God’s kingdom. Don’t grieve
the Holy Spirit the guarantor to your eternity.
Ephesians 4:29-31 cautions us - Watch the way
you talk. Let nothing foul or dirty come out of
your mouth. Say only what helps, each word a
gift. Don’t grieve God. Don’t break his heart. His
Holy Spirit, moving and breathing in you, is the
most intimate part of your life, making you fit for
himself. Don’t take such a gift for granted. Make
a clean break with all cutting, backbiting, profane
talk. Be gentle with one another.
People around me who often heard my volley of
abusive words are astounded by this permanent

8

5Talents Magazine

Jan 2014

advertorial

change in my language. It was the same with
anger too. The Bible counsels “Don’t let the sun go
down on your anger, and don’t give the Devil an
opportunity.” Eph 4:26-27. Prov 29:22 & 22:24-25
expounds it: “An angry person starts fights; a hottempered person commits all kinds of sin. Don’t
hang out with angry people; don’t keep company
with hotheads. Bad temper is contagious—don’t
get infected”. Your anger can permeate through
your organization starting with you at the top to
the least contagiously carried over through the
hierarchy.

There are several such biblical virtues and
principles that got to be imbibed into the
management system of a kingdom enterprise
practicing whatever you preach in your home,
organization and spheres of influence. In the
forthcoming articles we will deal more about what
it makes a kingdom enterprise.

w w w . 5 Ta l e n t s . i n

advertorial

T

(Businessmen Fellowship of India)

he BUSINESS MEN’S FELLOWSHIP INDIA
is a marketplace ministry for Christians in
business & profession. The BMFI Ministry is
full-gospel in nature and non-denominational in
nature . BMFI is an off-shoot of the Full Gospel
Business Mens Fellowship International.
When we say Business Men’s Fellowship we
mean ALL MEN AND WOMEN OF THE MARKET
PLACE: entrepreneurs & executives, employers &
employees, professionals & traders,IT Techies,civil
servants & defense personnel and all rank and file
engaged in some sort of business or profession.
We are laymen - ordinary people, serving an
extraordinary God.

beliefs to meet without any bias or reservation.
No preaching or doctrinal issues are discussed
here but, only sharing of a testimony by a
successful Christian businessman or professional
is undertaken in these meetings.
We present Testimonies in the Most secular
manner, yet impacting without using any
threatening religious jargon. Towards the end an
altar call is given and then we wind up for Dinner
or Breakfast as per the occassion.

People from other faith have testified in the
past how powerfully they were impacted with a
Testimony over a Meal.
The Ultimate aim is to reach Christ at the
The leaders of the BMF chapters, invite people Marketplace.We would love you also to share
with whom they interact or deal with in the your testimony in one of our chapters, dates will
marketplace, to the fellowship meeting and be intimated upfront.
witness to them the love, the compassion and the
reality of Jesus Christ. The true life experiences We have a programme in Kathmandu on the
shared during these fellowship meetings offers 9th Nov saturday in the evening over Dinner
the participants an opportunity to know THE at Lalitpur/Nepal . We would love to have you
LOVE OF JESUS CHRIST available for all mankind. with your friends.This is an amazing platform to
A demonstration of God’s concern in the day to invite your friends and have a taste of Gods favor
day affairs of every individual scores a point with through a testimony. Kindly pray about it and do
let know how you can fit in.
all the participants who attend the meeting.
A BMFI Chapter’s fellowship meeting takes place You may visit our website www.bmfindia.in to
in a secular venue over a meal-type setting. This know further details.
enables people from different walks of life and

You are Invited!
Is pleased to have as our 18th Jan Saturday 2014. Guest, ROY MARKARA,
Business Networker.
Venue : Hotel United - 21, Opp.
Passport Office,Clock Tower,
Secunderabad.

Date/Time : 18th Jan Saturday
2014 / Morning 7.am to 8.30am

Registration/Eligiblity : Is Free for all/
Free will Donation will be accepted.
Men and Women of all Professions
and Entrepreneurs of All Trades are
Welcome

Please be at your seats @ by
6.45am. We value time. Hence
we will commence the programe
by 7am sharp in the morning and
conclude in time

Contact for details : Bro Philip - 09392252963 /David Selvakumar-09989295620/
Johnson-09849619994/David Babu-08125422957/Vijay-09849985726
5Talents Magazine

Jan 2014

9

advertorial

Building Better Businesses - Globally

Swaranjit Sen
IPS. DGP. Retd.

T

he Christian Chamber of Commerce and
Industry (CCCI) has completed three years of
successful existence. Like any other new startup which relies on the good-will and the selfless
support of its members, the Chamber has seen
ups and downs, faced uncertainties and doubts,
resource and finance crunch etc. Every time such
challenges occurred, the Almighty God came
up with the answers by bringing into our fold,
persons of very strong resolve and resource. So,
as we look back we can say with great confidence
that, the future of the CCCI is very secure and
bright confidence that our organization will
surely redefine the commerce and trade scenario
through its goal of :UNIFIED GROWTH FOR
EXECELLENCE” as we grow.

growth is all about reaching out to the undeserved
and providing them opportunities that can
help them enhance their social and economic
status.”(Gauri Arora, Editor- Interface.)
The present opportunities are not to be passed
over especially by the economically weaker
communities, among which Christians figure quite
prominently.

“We are at a point where several opportunities
are being thrown up by the enviroment that
can, in the long run, help us become a stronger
player in the global economy,” as expressed by
Ravi Venkatesan, Chairman Microsoft. This applies
fully to the economic scenario within the country
too. A proactive approach needs to be adopted
“Emerging countries today are becoming aware in order to claim a suitable place on the business
of the importance of balanced inclusive growth canvas of the country if any good is to come to
as a means to sustainable development. Inclusive our chamber.

10

5Talents Magazine

Jan 2014

w w w . 5 Ta l e n t s M A G . c o m

advertorial

advertorial

advertorial

advertorial

“Business Seva”
-A note from
Michael

“B

~Michael Brian

T

he work of Partners Worldwide in
India is focused on supporting and
building up local leadership. These local
affiliates, Business Seva and Aatma Vikas,
are empowering Christian business people,
creating sustainable jobs, developing
communities and eradicating poverty. These
entrepreneurs are called to use their business
to uplift the poor, the oppressed, and the
marginalized.

The sessions were focused on how in the
Bible God used one person such as Adam,
Abraham, Moses, Joseph, Daniel and Esther
to impact their nation or community. Business
Seva leaders were challenged to be that one
person whom God uses to impact their sphere
of influence, their community, and the nation.
Finally, chapter managers were commissioned
by pastors and leaders to accomplish greater
exploits for God.

Our local affiliate, Business Seva is growing
exponentially, with 14 chapters throughout
India and stretching into Sri Lanka and
Myanmar. On November 13 through 15,
Business Seva, organized their 2nd annual
Chapter Managers’ Training Program. Thirtythree participants had an enriching experience
learning from each other and from esteemed
Business Seva staff members. They were
encouraged in their callings to serve their
communities so that all may have life and
have it abundantly.

Our network in India and beyond cannot do
this important work without your support.
Aside from organizational fundraising goals,
India region specifically needs to raise $55,000
to accomplish our goals. Our goal, for 20132014, is to create 982 jobs, to sustain 7,993
jobs, to build 4 new chapters, and to impact
the countries of India, Sri Lanka and Myanmar.
Will you help us accomplish these things to
the glory of God?

14

5Talents Magazine

Jan 2014

w w w . 5 Ta l e n t s M A G . c o m

franchise

Jaya school of
education

Gain Expertise, Get Equipped for Life

opportunities
for
“women”
“Jaya School of Education offers Franchise
for its Life Skills Programs to Women Only”

Want to Start Your Own Business?
Want to become Financially Independent?
Are You Passionate about starting ‘Something
New’ which will Impact Lives of Students?

Jaya School Offers Franchise to Women
Entrepreneurs. Encouraging women to
expand their business though our Expert
Skill Development Programs

LOW
INVESTMENT
HIGH
RETURNS!
An Excellent Opportunity to become Independent
and start your own business.
An All Women’s team Working to build Women
Entrepreneurs!
An Enviroment to develop yourself and on
Excellent Opportunity to help others by providing
Employment Oppurtunities and to Influence many
Students Positively to Build Confidence for Life.
The Franchisees will recover their inverstments

quite early due to the marketing support, the
goodwill and quality of the programs in the
market. We have our franchisees that are doing
very well after partnering with us and are able to
make good profits. Individuals who are willing to
start their own business, but have been holding
back on lack of confidence, can be assured of
talking our franchise and building their own team
and run the business. Our own franchisees are
witnesses to the fact that you can achieve success
and become a blessing to many.

JAYA SCHOOL OF EDUCATION
CONTACT: 9246812148, 9490373853, 040-23322012
w w w . 5 Ta l e n t s M A G . c o m
15
5Talents
Magazine Oct 2013
www.jayachoolofeducation.com

advertorial

WATERLESS CAR WASH INTRODUCED
FOR THE FIRST TIME IN INDIA USING
LATEST BRAZILIAN TECHNOLOGY

sERVICES
- ZERO WATER
(Scratch-free shine and protection)
- POLISHING
- technical ENGINE CLEANING
- wAXING
- CLEANING THE AIR CONDITIONING
- cleaning the interior
- revitalization
- protective film

franchise required
DRY WASH, 1st Level Parking, Cinemax, Opp. L.V. Prasad, Banjara Hills, Hyderabad
Tel: 040 - 64643411, 040 - 64643412, E-mail: info@drywashindia.com

CHERISH YOUR HEALTH

IF

- IT IS GOOD, PRESERVE IT
- IT IS UNSTABLE, IMPROVE IT
- IT IS BEYOND WHAT YOU
CAN IMPROVE... GET HELP.

Professional Fitness Club

Ladies
only
Chirag-Ali-Lane, Abids, Hyderabad.
Tel 30608655, 9391134128

MEMBER OF BUSINESSEVA

5Talents Magazine

Jan 2014

17

SEEKING
WISDOM

“B

Sanjay

P

roverbs 14:8: The wisdom of the prudent is “Folly is bound up in the heart of a child only the
to understand his way, But the folly of fools rod of discipline drives it far away from him.”
is deceit.
It was only much later on in life, that I learnt the
When I was in Sunday school the story of how rigors of discipline and how to overcome the
King Solomon chose ‘wisdom’ intrigued me. feeling of achieving things in a short run. Did you
The way the king asked and got wisdom, that ever wonder how Solomon chose wisdom when
helped him to tackle the dispute between two God made a blanket offer to him in a dream? He
women over a baby grasped my imagination. reveals it to us in the wonderful passage hidden
This motivated me, so I started praying for in Proverbs 4:3-6 “When I was a child…”
wisdom for the singular purpose of getting first
rank in my Sunday School Examination. My So, it was his father David, who groomed him to
prayers were answered, and I got the highest seek wisdom and to cultivate it. Let us observe
marks. I got to know later on that there we the benefits of seeking wisdom in the passage
were two who got the highest marks. A toss up below:
was decided upon the following Sunday. I was
ecstatic!
1 Kings 3:11-14 (NKJV) 11 Then God said to him:
“Because you have asked this thing, and have
I had a full one week to pray for the coin to fall not asked long life …
in my favor. When it actually did, my joy knew
no bounds. I had done it!!
… 13 And I have also given you what you have
not asked: both riches and honor, so that there
I prayed for ‘Wisdom’ and I got it. I prayed for shall not be anyone like you among the kings all
‘luck’ and I got it, or it seemed to me at that your days. 14 So if you walk in My ways, to keep
tender age. The Bible says in Proverbs 22:15 My statutes and My commandments, as your
18

5Talents Magazine

Jan 2014

w w w . 5 Ta l e n t s M A G . c o m

father David walked, then I will lengthen your
days.”
‘One Greater than Solomon’ echoed the same
in the following verses in Matthew 6:33 “Seek ye
first the kingdom of God, and his righteousness;
and all these things shall be added unto you”.
Is seeking wisdom the same as seeking the
kingdom of God? Well it depends, on what you
understand by wisdom. The Bible speaks about
two kinds of wisdom in James 3:13, & 17. So
how do we begin to seek wisdom? Job says in
Job 28:28 “The fear of the Lord is the beginning
of wisdom”. Fear of the Lord is wisdom. To shun
evil is understanding. No one shunned evil as
he did in his time. It is written of him in Job-1:1
“There was a man in the land of Uz whose name
was Job; and that man was perfect and upright,
and one that feared God, and eschewed evil”.
So it’s not only about what you seek but also
about what you shun. Proverbs 8:13. How do
you shun evil? How can one sense evil garbed
in the goodies of life? There is certainly only
‘ONE WAY’ by which you can overcome this sin
problem. Proverbs: 8:13 reveals. “To fear the
Lord is to hate evil”. Therefore, if you are in a
state of trouble or confusion, in a situation from
where you want to wriggle free then here is the
answer.
‘Seek His Kingdom first and you will end up
with heavenly wisdom to tackle the issues
surrounding you’.
As you involve yourself more and more in
‘Kingdom’ related objectives that God has
prepared for you, that you find you are suited to,
you automatically open the doors of heavenly
wisdom to knock off the troubles plaguing you,
and you begin to exercise new freedom.
Proverbs: 14:15 says “The simple believes every
word, but the prudent considers well his steps”.

Tears of the Bride is priced at Rs 275 +
Rs 25 postal charges. Cheques in favor
of “Berean Bay Media House Pvt Ltd”.
The book is also available on Amazon
Kindle at http://www.amazon.com/
dp/B00D7CCWBI.
Email tearsofthebride@gmail.com or
call 9880174153 for more details.
Postal Address: 001 Geobirds Manor,
2 Cline Road, Cooke Town, Bangalore
560005

5Talents Magazine

Oct 2013

19

Spread the light with Candles Art

Personalized candles with God’s Word to celebrate life

Christmas, New Year, Birthdays, Anniversaries, Wedding unity candles,
Souvenirs for corporate events etc
Glowing
Words Candles can be lit
for few hours
without the
wax spilling
over and covering the text.

For more information contact: Peppa Susan, 91-9866005040,
peppaemail@gmail.com www.facebook.com/CandlesArt

Sarah Bridals

Memories Made To Last A Lifetime

We specialize in Wedding
Gowns, Imported Wedding Veils,
Bridemaids Dresses,Flower-girl
Dresses, Baskets, Halos, Suit
Boutannaires, Corsages, Unity
candles and all other Wedding
accessories.
We also undertake Church
Decorations and Catering.

Contact:
3-5-807/1/c/1, Hyderguda,
Hyderabad - 500 029, AP, India
Phone: 91-81061-09469
Soujanayasunil@gmail.com
www.SarahBridals.net

.com
Stay tuned! Your local Christian directory is
coming soon. List your business, products
and services and more...

MEMBER OF BUSINESSEVA
23

5Talents Magazine

April 2013

w w w . 5 Ta l e n t s . i n

www.5TalentsMAG.com

