Interview

Technology

Movie Review

Questions?

issue 5 JANUARY 2013

discovering talents for gods’ kingdom

RICKY
BISWASI

WORSHIP LEADER

Tools of a Perfect Prayer
Does God love everyone
or just Christians?
Crossing the Bridge

editorial

You have
a long way
to go...
Whenever we come across some difficulties in life, we simply utter,” Enough.
It is better to die”. These words are
coming out of a burdened and desperate heart. But many a time, we do
not try to analyse the factual situation.
First, death is not the solution for every
thing. As we have not come to this
world by our own plan or decision, we
have no authority to take our life. As it
is given by some body- the almighty
God- without his permission we can not
give it back.
Secondly, your mission is not complete.
As a responsible person, you have so
many commitments to be fulfilled.
You are accountable to your spouse,
parents, brothers, sisters, children and
friends. They still expect many things
from you and you are the person who
is responsible to look after them.
Thirdly, the problems which you visualize are so small to throw away your valuable life. There are no problems which
has no solutions. If there is a problem,
there is a way. Only cowards and mentally unstable persons will chose the
short cut of ending their life to escape
from the problems.
Fourthly, there are lot of people having
the same problems, but living happily
2

5Talents Magazine

with their family amidst all these crisis.
They are the living examples. If they
can face the situations, why you can
not?
Let me tell you a small incident cited in
the Bible. There was a prophet called
Elijah during the reign if King Ahab. Elijah was a prophet of the almighty God
and thus King Ahab and his wife Jezebel wanted to kill him. He ran away
to a jungle and cried to God, “ I have
had enough, Lord, take my life; I am no
better than my ancestors. I am alone
here.” The God replied,” No, you are
not alone here. I have reserved 7000
people who serve me. Get up and eat,
for the journey is too much for you” - 1
Kings 19: 7, 18. Elijah got recharged
and continued his service for many
years, doing many miracles.
Jesus said,” I will not leave you as orphans, I will come to you”- John 14: 18.
Yes! you have a loving Lord who is
ready to come to you in your days of
troubles. You are not alone, there are
many people to support you. You have
a long way to go.
May God Bless you.
Premasis Satman
Executive Director

Table of Contents
cOVER FEATURE

Talent Search # 6

Featuring Ricky Biswasi, a young multi-talented
guy with the gift of leadership, writing and
composing songs and a worship leader,
making an impact on the youth mass in the
town of Jeypore, Orissa. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 4

Infographic

Highly exalted by God
A attempt of visual representation from
the verses of Philippians 2:5-11
......................................... 8

What if...

Movie Review

15 years ago, Ben Walker left his girlfriend and his ministry
calling for a business opportunity. Now with a high-paying career and a trophy fiancé, he is visited by an angel,
who gives him a glimpse into what his life would look like
had he followed his calling. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 20

Missionary Story
William Cary - Father of Modern missions
A missionary in the Danish colony, Serampore, India,
he translated the Bible into Bengali, Sanskrit, and
numerous other languages and dialects. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 16

articles
Tools of a Perfect Prayer . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 10
- Lorita Das
Does God love everyone or just Christians? . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 12
- www.gotaquestions.org
Crossing the Bridge . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 14
- Mark
January 2013

3

ricky
biswasi

worship
leader

deepakshi SATMAN

Ricky Biswasi is a young aspiring worship leader who has a great heart for
worship and the church. One of the
things that impresses us most about
him is he is a self-taught musically.
But this did not happen in a all sudden. He was a very active guy and
using his skills for enjoyment of the
worldy desires. He has been famous
in his society for his choreograpy tal4

5Talents Magazine

ent. As he was living a life-style without vision he found himself failed in
the sight of God.
It was not too late that he left everthing that dis-honest God and now
uses all the talents and gifts for the
glory of the Kingdom. Please read his
story to encourage yourself, how you
can also be a part of His kingdom
with your gifts.
Share it : www.5talents.in

5Talents: Hello Ricky, Greetings from
5Talents, how are you?
I am doing well by the grace
of God. Thank you!
5Talents: When and how did you
come in faith in Christ Jesus as your
personal saviour?
I have been born and bought up in a
Christian family, even though I know
about Jesus Christ since my childhood
I never accepted Him as my personal
saviour and Lord until certain time. As
I have been growing old, I have developed debating, feeling covetous,
unfriendly to each and every person
in the community I lived. As Samson’s
weakness was anger, but still God
used his negative actions into positive
fashion. God has moulded my life too
in the similar style by speaking to me
through His word and prayer. As I kept
on meditating upon His word, Holy
Spirit talked to me and taught me to
build positive attitude for others. One
day, I accepted Jesus Christ as my personal saviour and my Lord and since
then I have been following Christ.
5Talents: Please share about the talents you have received from God?
I believe talents are gift from God. I
have been a dancer from my childhood and I used to teach young
boys and girls to dance for film songs.
Subsequently knowing the truth and
accepting Jesus as my saviour, I left
teaching dance for film and rather I
started to teach dance for youth in
church and also started a worship
team. There was a keyboard in my
church which has attracted me towards it. I started to play without any
knowledge of cords and combinations. Miraculously, God helped me

to understand in stages and whereas
my father has also been teaching me
basic concepts in keyboard. By practicing regularly, I learned playing keyboard and then I started learning guitar too. Even I could gain knowledge
regarding playing guitar by the grace
of God, I used to wonder how God has
gifted me with such talents and yes, it
is only by His grace. As days passed, I
learned playing drums too and God
has enabled me to lead the Sunday
worship service, youth worship service
and also to preach His word and to
testify what He has done in my life
amongst youth. Indeed, God has given me the privilege to set an example
before youth and teach them how
to play keyboard, guitar and drums.
5Talents: When did you know you
wanted to be a Worship Leader?
In 1999, I have been in an orchestra
team where I was the team leader
singing secular songs and performing stage programs. Afterwards, I felt
tired of these all things and came to
know that I shouldn’t be using my talent in such a way which I have been
using till now. God talked to my with
the verse from Isaiah 43:7 “Even everyone that is called by my name: for I
have created him for my glory, I have
formed him; yea, I have made him.”
When I read this verse I just resolute to
leave everything and live my whole
life for what I’m made for.
And its 1999 when I watched some
hillsong worship videos touched by it,
I always wanted to do such team in
our church. Sine then I started learning to music and in Word of God so
that one day this type of team will
be established and be a wonderful
January 2013

5

cause to make people glorify God.
Then I got an opportunity to go to Hyderabad and there I lead worship and
learned news songs in a Church and
after one year I came back and continued with my team (Elohim Worship
Team). In this way Church anointed
me as a worship Leader.

in John 3:30, “I must be decreased
and He must be increased”. Likewise
we should be decreased and hide
ourselves in Him and say like Paul “…
not I but Christ”. It’s the life style of a
worshiper - not I but Christ. And second thing “Love your neighbour”, we
should be an example to the world
by helping those in need as Christ did.
5Talents: How would you define your
prayer life?
God is always faithful in everything
and in every situation. He provides me
abundantly before I ask or think, so I
never felt that I should ask anything.
Prayer means asking something. I close
my eyes and praise and give thanks to
God every time, and I take this habit
as prayer. I talk with God always, my
friends left me in the year of 2002 and
I became alone and I started the
habit prayer from that year. Everyday
I sit before my best friend to tell everything to Him and that is my prayer
life. My best friend Jesus gives me everything whatever I think even before
asking in prayer. So I have only one job
now to praise and give thanks to Him.

5Talents: What does a lifestyle of worship mean to you?
Worship is a lifestyle. First of all worship means just not singing, dancing,
modern looks, etc but presenting our
bodies a living sacrifice, Holy, acceptable to God. It’s the life style of worshiper. God has forgiven us so that we
can forgive others. We should worship
God in spirit, truth, with all our mind,
soul, and strength. As a worshiper
when we talk, everyone should feel
the presence of God and when people see our face then they should see
Jesus not us. As John the Baptist said
6

5Talents Magazine

5Talents: How has Christ inspired you
in composing music?
When I was in class 8th I wrote a song
in sad frame of mind but not about
God that was about myself, all the
words were there about my feelings
and my thoughts about my life, and
that was my first composition. But after my matriculation when I started to
meditate God’s word I found myself
that what am I thinking about my life
is totally different in the sight of God
our Abba Father. When I knew that
there is nothing that I should boast for
only one thing is there to boast and
Share it : www.5talents.in

that is I know Jesus Christ our saviour
and the true God who gave His blood
and bared everything for me and one
thing inspired me a lot that He came
so that I may have life in ABUDANTLY
(John 10:10). Hallelujah!!! I always listened to the words of the thief (Satan) but when I started listening to my
Saviour, Redeemer, shelter, my greatest Love, I forgot everything of my life
and started writing about Him alone...
5Talents: Being a teen leader, have
you experienced others discouraging
you? If yes how do you manage the
situation?
Yes many times my heart and my soul
fail to manage some critical situations
as I am a youth leader but God gives
me strength in my heart and soul to
manage in a unique way in such situations. As it is written in the Bible (Matthew 18:15-20) “If your brother or sister
sins, go and point out their fault, just
between the two of you. If they listen
to you, you have won them over. But
if they will not listen, take one or two
others along, so that ‘every matter
may be established by the testimony
of two or three witnesses.’ If they still
refuse to listen, tell it to the church;
and if they refuse to listen even to the
church, treat them as you would a
pagan or a tax collector”. SO I FOLLOW THIS RULE OF THE BIBLE......I was a
big sinner and had done many things
from which people could find some
remarkable things to gossip and to
backbite about me. Whenever I am
facing such type of dispirit situations
then I remember one thing that Lord
Jesus came for the sinners not for the
righteous people. Though I’m a sinner from my birth, I trust in God and
His mighty power makes me clean

everyday. Only through the blood,
through the word, through the Church
I’m a winner in Christ and so whoever
trusts in Jesus overcomes this world.
5Talents: What would you say to the
one who are talented but are sad because they are not given an opportunity to use it or the talent is not recognized by others?
Everything has its own time according
to the God’s will and talents should
be used to glorify God in anyways, I
mean to say that a worshiper should
worship, adore and praise Him in
all times. It’s not important where
He/She is, Wherever He/She is taking breathe he/she should worship,
and it is written in Psalms 37:4 that
“BE GLAD IN GOD AND HE WILL GIVE
YOU THE DESIRES OF YOUR HEART”. So
we should begin to be glad in God
and He will give us opportunities in a
proper manner and according to His
will our talents will be shinning to all.
5Talents: Thank you Ricky for your time
to share your testimonial interview.
I thank you too for choose me to share
my testimony through the magazine.
I appreciate your work in encouraing
the youth mass and preparing them
for the Kingdom of God. Amen!

January 2013

7

ality with g
qu
od
e
t
a
n
u

- withGOD

of god, did n
o
tc
rm
fo
o

- fully-

M OF A SERV
R
A
FO

...........

...

SET ASIDE

- hisGLORY

E

ING TAKING T
TH
H
NO

BECAME

...
.
.
.

ADE HIMSE
LF
TM
BU

UMAN FORM
H
IN
.

BORN IN
T
ING
HE
BE

BEING FOU
D
N
N
.A

.

EQUAL

NT

D

...

e

graspe
d.

ough he was
i
n
, th
th
ho
w

be
to
g
in
th

HAVE THIS
MIND
AMONG
YOURSELF
WHICH IS
YOURS IN
CHRIST
JESUS.

HUMAN

H, EVEN DE
T
A
EA

..

- on a-

CROSS

POINT OF D
HE

H
...

DIED

T

...

.....

..........
..

...

.

5Talents Magazine

S
. . . . . . . . . . TO

8

N A CRO

...

LIFE

O
TH

S.

- a perfect-

T.

LIVED

ING OBEDIE
N
OM

E HUMBL
ED

SS OF
M
ENE
EN
LIK

ELF BY B
MS
I
EC
H

Share it : www.5talents.in

HIGHLY

- exalted BY GOD

TO THE GLORY OF GOD THE FATHER!
THAT JESUS CHRIST IS LORD
AND EVERY TONGUE CONFESS
IN HEAVEN & ON EARTH & UNDER THE EARTH
EVERY KNEE SHOULD BOW
SO THAT AT THE NAME OF JESUS
THE NAME THAT IS ABOVE EVERY NAME
AND BESTOWED ON HIM
GOD HAS HIGHLY EXALTED HIM
THEREFORE

PHILIPPIANS 2:5-11
January 2013

9

Tools of a
Perfect Prayer
- Lorita Das, Kolkota

“If the only prayer you said was
‘thank you’, that would be enough.”
―Meister Eckhart
10

5Talents Magazine

Share it : www.5talents.in

W

hen we wake up in the morning, we have one of the two
possible expressions that govern
our day. Either it is the overwhelming gasp of tension, “Good Lord! Its
morning!” or the exuberant shout
of joy, “Good morning, Lord!”. If we
happen to fall in the first category
(which, I am pretty sure most of
us do), we push ourselves through
the day complaining about the
world’s problems and behaving as
if all the burdens have fallen on our
shoulders. But if we happen to fall
in the second category, we start
the day on a grateful note and sail
through it in a calm and relaxed
manner; rejoicing,marvelling and
appreciating the Lord’s gifts.
As Christians, we should always
carry an attitude of Gratitude counting your blessings, noticing
simple pleasures and acknowledging everything that you receive.
Most often we focus on what we
lack instead of what we have, taking for granted the good things already present in our lives. We complain about not having a house
big enough or enough clothes or a
bigger paycheck. And we wish we
could do things differently. For such
people, we have a ‘gratitude exercise’. Imagine losing some of the
things that you take for granted,
such as your family, your friends,
your ability to see or hear, or anything that currently gives you comfort. Then imagine getting each of
these things back, one by one, and
consider how grateful you would
be for each and every one.

There is another virtue which goes
hand in hand with Gratitude.

Proverbs 27:2 says, “Let another
praise you, and not your own
mouth; someone else and not
your own lips.”
God detests pride because it is
a sin where we put ourselves in
God’s place. In this era of ‘marketing’, we cannot resist the urge
to self-promote and blow our own
trumpets. We idolise ourselves and
become self-important and egotistic. The only way to eliminate ego
is Humility – an attitude of personal
modesty. Humble people are not
spineless or doormats, as otherwise
thought. Instead they are people
with their feet firmly planted on the
ground and rightfully placing God
before themselves. Sometimes our
achievements and our accomplishments make us blind to the
fact that it is indeed the Lord who
has made us who we are and given us what we have.
But all is not over. As Bishop Reynold rightly states, “The fullest and

best ears of corn hang lowest toward the ground.”

Take a moment each day and
make a list of 5 things to thank God
for. Let it not be just a formality;
acknowledge His gifts and thank
Him wholeheartedly for the blessings and joys that He continues to
shower upon you each day.

January 2013

11

Does God love everyone or just Christians?

12

5Talents Magazine

Share it : www.5talents.in

There is a sense in which God loves
everyone in the whole world (John
3:16; 1 John 2:2; Romans 5:8). This
love in not conditional—it is based
only on the fact that God is a God
of love (1 John 4:8, 16).
God’s love for all of mankind results
in the fact that God shows His mercy
by not immediately punishing people for their sins (Romans 3:23; 6:23).
God’s love for the world is manifested in the fact that He gives people
the opportunity to repent (2 Peter
3:9). However, God’s love for the
world does not mean He will ignore
sin. God is also a God of justice (2
Thessalonians 1:6). Sin cannot go unpunished forever (Romans 3:25-26).
The most loving act of eternity is
described in Romans 5:8, “But God
demonstrates His own love for us in
this: While we were still sinners, Christ
died for us.” Anyone who ignores
God’s love, who rejects Christ as
Savior, who denies the Savior who
bought him (2 Peter 2:1) will be subject to God’s wrath for eternity (Romans 1:18), not His love (Romans
6:23). God loves everyone unconditionally in that He shows mercy to
everyone by not destroying them
immediately because of sin. At the
same time, God only has “covenant
love” for those who place their faith
in Jesus Christ for salvation (John
3:36). Only those who believe in Jesus Christ as their Lord and Savior will
experience God’s love for eternity.
Does God love everyone? Yes. Does
God love Christians more than He

loves non-Christians? No. Does God
love Christians to a different extent
than He loves non-Christians? Yes.
God loves everyone equally in that
He is merciful to all. God only loves
Christians in that only Christians have
His eternal grace and mercy and the
promise of His forever love in heaven. The unconditional love God has
for everyone should bring us to faith
in Him, receiving in thankfulness the
great conditional love He grants all
those who receive Jesus Christ as
Savior.
God loves all with agape love. Even
we believers were once His own enemies. Jesus laid down His life for
His own enemies, and I believe that
agape love is sacrificial love because here love is being given which
may not be reciprocated. It is love
given inspite of , even when not received. And this is the love the God
has for all of us, even those who are
in the body of Christ and and those
who are not in the body of Christ.
Biblically, we cannot escape the
conclusion that God’s benevolent,
merciful love is unlimited in extent.
He loves the whole world of humanity. This love extends to all people in
all times. It is what Titus 3:4 refers to
as “the kindness of God our Savior
and His love for mankind.” God’s singular love for the elect quite simply
does not rule out a universal love of
sincere compassion—and a sincere
desire on God’s part to see every
sinner turn to Christ.

January 2013

13

Crossing
the Bridge
- Mark
Dear Friends, December is the Christmas Season,
the joy of celebrating a special event. The event
is celebrated by preparing special lunch, going to
the eating house, inviting people to have a grand
party, going for a film show, watching TV, videos
and many other activities which are short lived. But
what is the true reason for celebrating Christmas.
Let us learn what God has done for us out of His
love, mercy and grace. Take a look at the book

14

5Talents Magazine

Share it : www.5talents.in

of Joshua 3:1-17. The Israelites were
being guided by God from the land
of Egypt to the Promised Land which
God had promised their forefathers.
They had to cross the Jordan River. In
those days the people of Israel had no
modern equipment to prepare boats
and cross the river. Even if they had
boats and reached the other end,
their enemies would have attacked
them.
Therefore, God made a plan for them
and gave specific instructions to carry
out in order to cross the river Jordan.
Read again carefully from verses 1-17.
Verse 13 says as soon as the priests
carrying the Ark of the Lord step into
the waters “the Lord of all the earth
shall rest in the waters of the Jordan”.
This is what exactly happened and the
children of Israel crossed the Jordan.
What an insight God has given us. You
may have learnt in your science subject that a thick heavy wood or iron
piece placed in a trough or bowl of
water separates the water and a dry
area appears on the top of the wood
or iron. God in His sovereignty has performed exactly that act. The word rest
in the waters does not mean that God
just sat down to rest. He lay down on
His back just as we do on a couch or
bed. Remember God always abides
in the Ark. God is not small. He is extremely huge, the size and height is
unimaginable.

could not see God, yet He formed the
bridge and the people walked on top
of God’s body to arrive at the other
end of the Jordan River into the Promised Land.
As sin entered into the world it separated us from Him. When God spoke
to the Israelites from MountSinai they
were afraid. Deut. 18:16, Let me not
hear again the voice of the Lord my
God, nor let me see this great fire anymore, lest I die. So God planned to
raise another prophet like Moses from
among them through the line of King
David. Deut. 18:18, I will raise up for
them a Prophet like you from among
their brothers; I will put My words in His
mouth, and He will tell them everything
I command Him. God sent His only
begotten Son, Jesus Christ who dwelt
amongst us. Jesus came for the same
purpose to become a bridge over the
sin so that we can cross over to the
Promised Land, into His rest, heavenly
kingdom.

John 3:16, For God so loved the world
(you and me), that He gave His only
begotten Son, that whoever (you and
me) believes in Him should not perish but have everlasting life. Isn’t this a
real Christmas to celebrate and share
with others?You and I must accept
Jesus or make Him the Lord and Saviour of our lives. For if God did not send
Jesus Christ then you and I would be
doomed forever. John14:6, I am the
Way, the Truth and the Life. No one
God could have said a word and the can come to the Father (God) except
waters would have separated or sent through Me (Jesus).
His heavenly armies / angels to block
the waters. Instead He chose to per- Ponder awhile and make the decision
form an amazing act. Let us remind right now. Do not wait for tomorrow
ourselves no man can see God as He for you know not what tomorrow will
is in the Spirit form. The people of Israel bring. There will be uncertainties.
January 2013

15

William
cary
father of modern missions

1761-1834
ELIZABETH CLAYTON

S

hoemaker by trade, but scholar,
linguist and missionary by God’s
training,”William Carey was one of
God’s giants in the history of evangelism!
Carey was born in a small thatched
cottage in Paulerspury, a typical Northamptonshire village in England, August
17, 1761, of a weaver’s family. When
about eighteen he left the Church of
England to “follow Christ” and to “...
go forth unto Him without the camp,
bearing His reproach.” At first he joined
the Congregational church at Hackleton where he was an apprentice
shoemaker. It was there he married in
1781. And it was in Hackleton he began making five-mile walks to Olney in
his quest for more spiritual truth. Olney
was a stronghold of the Particular Baptists, the group that Carey cast his lot
with after his baptism, October 5, 1783.
Two years later he moved to Moulton
to become a schoolmaster — and a
year later he became pastor of the
small Baptist congregation there.
16

5Talents Magazine

It was in Moulton that Carey heard
the missionary call. This, along with his
language study — for at twenty-one
years of age Carey had mastered Latin, Greek, Hebrew and Italian, and was
turning to Dutch and French. One well
called his shoemaker’s cottage “Carey’s College,” for as he cobbled shoes
along with his preaching he never sat
at his bench without some kind of a
book before him.
The more he read and studied, the
more convinced he was “the peoples
of the world need Christ.” He read, he
made notes, he made a great leather
globe of the world and, one day, in the
quietness of his cobbler’s shop — not
in some enthusiastic missionary conference — Carey heard the call: “If it
be the duty of all men to believe the
Gospel ... then it be the duty of those
who are entrusted with the Gospel to
endeavor to make it known among
all nations.” And Carey sobbed out,
“Here am I; send me!”
Share it : www.5talents.in

To surrender was one thing — to get
to the field was quite another problem. There were no missionary societies and there was no real missionary
interest. But Carey persisted. He was
a man who “always resolutely determined never to give up on any point or
particle of anything on which his mind
was set until he had arrived at a clear
knowledge of his subject.”

a college professor, and had founded
a college at Serampore. He had seen
India open its doors to missionaries, he
had seen the edict passed prohibiting sati (burning widows on the funeral
pyres of their dead husbands), and he
had seen converts for Christ.

On his deathbed Carey called out to a
missionary friend, and said “You have
been speaking about Dr. Carey; when
Thus Carey wrote his famed Enquiry Into I am gone, say nothing about Dr. Carthe Obligations of the Christians to Use ey — speak about Dr. Carey’s God.”
Means for the Conversion of the Heathen. In this masterpiece on missions William Carey never stopped proCarey answered arguments, surveyed claiming gospel to others. 1 Peter 3:15
the history of missions from apostolic says “Be ready always, to give an antimes, surveyed the entire known world swer, to everyone that asketh you the
as to countries, size, population and reason, for the hope that is in you with
religions, and dealt with the practical meekness and with fear”.
application of how to reach the world
for Christ!
Are you ready to give an answer? Do
you know how to lead another to your
And he prayed. And he pled. And he Saviour? Can others see the hope in
plodded. And he persisted. And he you? Let us lead the gentiles to our
preached — especially his epoch- Saviour and let us live a life like William
producing message, “EXPECT GREAT Carey, expecting great things from
THINGS FROM GOD. ATTEMPT GREAT God and attempting great things for
THINGS FOR GOD.” The result of that God.
message preached at Nottingham,
May 30, 1792 — and all the other missionary ministries of Carey — produced
the particular Baptist Missionary Society, formed that Fall at Kettering on October 2, 1792. It was in 1793 that Carey
along with his wife and son went to India. They arrived with a Dr. Thomas at
the mouth of the Hooghly in India in
November, 1793. There were years of
discouragement, debt, disease, deterioration of his wife’s mind, death, but
by the grace of God — and by the
power of the Word — Carey continued and conquered for Christ!
When he died on June 9(1834), he had
seen the Scriptures translated and printed into forty languages, he had been

“Expect Great
things from God,
Attempt Great
things for God.”
- William Cary

January 2013

17

Chronology of
Events in Carey’s Life
1761 		

Born at Paulerspury, Northampton[shire], England, August 17.

1777

Apprenticed to the shoemaking trade.

1779		

Attended prayer-meeting that changed his life, February 10.

1783		

Baptized by Mr. Ryland, October 5.

1786

Called to the ministry at Olney, August 10.

1792		

Pamphlet “An Inquiry” published;

		

Baptist Missionary Society in England formed, October 2.

1793		

Appointed missionary to India, January 10;

		

Arrived in Calcutta, November 11.

1796		

Baptized a Portuguese, his first convert.

1800		

Moved to Serampore, January 10;

		

Baptized Krishna Pal, first Bengali convert, December 28;

		

Elected Professor of Sanskrit and Bengali languages in Williams College.

1801		

Completed New Testament in Bengali, February 7.

1803		

Self-supporting missionary organization founded.

1807		

Doctor of Divinity conferred by Brown University of U.S.A.;

		

Member of Bengali Asiatic Society.

1808		

New Testament in Sanskrit published.

1809		

Completed translation of Bible in Bengali, June 24.

1811		

New Testament in Marathi published.

1815		

New Testament in Punjabi published.

1818		

His father died, June 15.

1818		

Old Testament in Sanskrit published.

1820		

Founded the Agricultural and Horticultural Society, September 4;

		

Danish King granted charter for college at Serampore;

		

Marathi Old Testament published.

1821		

Serampore college opened.

1825		

Completed Dictionary of Bengali and English.

1826		

Government gave Carey “Grant in Aid” for education.

1829		

Suttee [sati] prohibited thru Carey’s efforts, December 4.

1834

Died at Serampore, June 9.

WE STRONGLY BELIEVE
That the Bible is the inspired and infallible word of the Living God; that it is the only
source of reliable divine revelation about God for man, and the foundation of our
faith, doctrine, and way of life
In the veracity of- the doctrine of the Trinity; the divinity of our Lord and Savior Jesus
Christ as the Son of the Living God; His virgin Birth; His Redemptive work on the Cross;
His Resurrection; His present-day ministry; and of His second coming
In the ministry of the Holy Spirit: His indwelling presence in every born-again Christian;
His baptism of the Believer for service in Christian ministry; and His work in the believer
for fruitfulness, and Christ-like character development
In the doctrine of man’s sinfulness by nature, and the need for salvation only through
Jesus Christ our Savior and Lord
In the scripturally sanctioned divine sacraments of water baptism and communion; as
divine imperatives after conversion
In the doctrine of the Church as the universal body of Christ comprising all born-again
Christians; and also in its physical and local manifestation as an assembly of bornagain Christians gathering for fellowship with the Lord and one another
In a Christ-like life of fruitfulness in character and service that reflects Holiness, Wisdom,
Faith, Love, Integrity, Submissiveness, Discipline (Self-denial), Purposefulness, and Hope

DISCOVERING TALENTS FOR GODS’ KINGDOM

GOALS

OBJECTIVE METHODS

Promote programs, ventures, and events
that exalt the name and work of Jesus
Christ our Lord; to help bring more people to repentance and fellowship with
Him

Publish a non-denominational monthly magazine at the beginning of every
month, which will be given away free
of charge that will be called 5Talents
Magazine(digital edition); to serve as our
primary medium for achieving our goals

Create awareness about spiritual and
physical tools, facilities, venture, programs, and fora available to believers in
the Lord Jesus Christ; to help them prosper in their Christian pilgrimage
Promote the healthy growth of the
church of the Lord Jesus Christ by helping to increase and deepen believers’
knowledge of the word of God through
the propagation of sound doctrine; and
by stirring up the body of Jesus Christ (His

Design and make available to the readers of the magazine a web-site where
they can access further information in
addition to what is published in the magazine
Advertise churches, ministries, programs,
events, and ventures (e.g. books, projects, movies, CDs, and etc) that promote the name and work of Jesus Christ
with sound doctrine in 5Talents Magazine
at the beginning of every month
January 2013

19

movie

20

5Talents Magazine

Share it : www.5talents.in

movie
WHAT IF. . ., starring Kevin Sorbo and
John Ratzenberger, is an extremely
well made, funny, heartwarming,
pointedly Christian movie about a
man who gets a second chance from
God with the help of a quirky angel.
Director Dallas Jenkins exercises his
considerable talent to bring out the
best in each actor and tell the story in
a heartwarming, interesting, hilarious,
evangelistic manner.
In WHAT IF, Ben is a high-powered,
very successful investment banker. His
uncanny ability making deals is incisive and funny. To celebrate one big
deal, Ben buys himself a new Mercedes. When he takes it for a spin, he
ends up in his old hometown. There,
he meets an angel who introduces
him to life as it could have been if he
had married his beloved Wendy and
become a pastor 15 years ago as he
planned. Suddenly, Ben finds himself
with two daughters and the new pastor of the church. Ben preaches one
of the worst sermons ever and makes
a mess of everything. Slowly, he begins to understand what is worthwhile
in life and what isn’t, but it may be
too late.
Kevin Sorbo does a terrific job as Ben.
Another bright light in the movie is
John Ratzenberger. He is the funniest
angel to come along in a long time.
The dialogue is terrific and funny.
What makes the movie work is the
direction. Dallas Jenkins exercises his
considerable talent to bring out the
best in each actor and tell the story
in a heartwarming, hilarious, evangelistic manner.

15 years ago, Ben
Walker left his girlfriend and his ministry calling for a
business opportunity. Now with a highpaying career and
a trophy fiance, he
is visited by an angel, who gives him
a glimpse into what
his life would look
like had he followed
his calling.

Our Next Review on

“Heaven’s Door”
January 2013

21

DISCOVERING TALENTS FOR GODS’ KINGDOM

PUBLISHER
Sharon Prayer Fellowship & Ministries
Nacharam, Hyderabad
ADVISOR
Rev. K. Stephen (President of SPFM)
Rev. Ms. M. G Basanti
EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR
Premasis Satman
INTERVIEW EDITOR
Deepakshi Satman

Invitation
for Guest
Columnist
5Talents welcomes for volunteered writers who are passionate
about Jesus Christ and sharing His
message of truth with the world.
We are now open to receive articles on Christian topic relative to
talents, lifestyle, doctrinal messsage or stories.
Please submit your article or story
to premasis@5talents.in
Note: The content will be review
by the board and if it is approved
it will be scheduled to published in
future issues.
© ALL RIGHT RESERVED

DESIGN DIRECTOR
Pankaj Kumar Nayak
CREATIVE MANAGER
Elizabeth Clayton
5Talent Magazine is a digital magazine
published monthly.
MISSION STATEMENT
Promote increase in membership, and
growth in character, of the Church of Jesus Christ through the publication and advertisement of programs and ventures that
fulfill the great commission and propagate
sound doctrine.
ADVERTISING
To advertise in 5Talents Magazine, email us
premasis@5talents.in
5Talents Magazine grants permission for
any original article to be quoted provied
5Talents Magazine is indicated to be the
source. For use of an entire article permission must be granted. Please contact
premasis@5talents.in
CONTACT
5TALENTS, c/o Premasis Satman, LIGH-36,
APHB Colony, Moulali, Hyderabad- 40
Phone: +91 9032690627
January 2013

22

