5

issue 10 JUly 2013

TALENTS
Christian Magazine

discovering talents for gods’ kingdom

Stephen
Devassy

CCCI Business
Conference and
3rd Anniversary
The Camp
that God Built
~ By Jenny Svetec

Contents Table
“I can do all things..”
-Stephen Devassy

4
When Serpent
Suicide Slithers in

9

~ By Ingrid
Albuquerque

The Camp that
God Built
~ Jenny Svetec

18

CCCI
Business
Conference 3rd
Anniversary

16

5Talent Magazine is a webzine published monthly.
MISSION:
- Promote the Gospel of our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ
- Impact the character of individuals in the ’Body of Christ’
based on the word of God
- Advertise programs and ventures that fulfills
‘The Great Commission’ for the end time purposes
5Talents Magazine grants permission for any original article
to be quoted provided 5Talents Magazine is indicated to be
the source. For use of an entire article permission must be granted.

Nation
at
Prayer
Canada
PUBLISHER
Deepakshi Kolia
EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR
Premasis Satman
EDITOR IN CHIEF
Elveera Redwood
CREATIVE DIRECTOR
Elizabeth Clayton

21
ADVERTISING & MARKETING

SHILOH GLOBAL SOLUTIONS
Hyderbad: 970 082 2149
Canada: 416 502 3777
Editorial Email: emag@5talents.in
Advertising Email: bill@5talents.in

5TALENTS MAGAZINE,
LIGH-36, APHB Colony, Moulali,
Hyderabad- 500 040

“Business as a Mission”

Y

ou’ve heard it before: “Give
a man to fish and you
will feed him for the day.
But teach him how to fish and
you will feed him for a lifetime.”
We can simplify this aphorism
to
“charity
versus
ability.”
Ability wins every time in
every area, even spiritually!
Giving something to someone may
alleviate a temporary hardship, but
it often does little to prevent the
hardship from recurring. Worse
than failing to teach, it creates
dependency. Whether parenting or
governing, we need to encourage
self-reliance, not dependency.
Local
churches
can
offer
opportunities
for
vocational
training provided by volunteers.
For example, sewing machines
enable adults with special needs
and mothers of children with
special needs to earn a living while
working from home. Funds to be
used to help churches to provide
life skills, income generation to
improve what they have, and help
people create small businesses.
The vision of the Church should
not be limited to spiritual activities
alone, but also to break the cycle
of poverty and raise the quality of
life, of poor families thus impacting
communities and their country.
‘Business as a Mission’ is a
contemporary term describing
the integration of business goals
and the call to the whole church

to take the whole gospel to the
whole world. It is an answer to
the prayer ‘May Your Kingdom
come on earth as it is in heaven’,
as people and communities are
positively transformed through,
for-profit
business
activities.
The idea of integration is important;
this is not ‘ministry’ tacked onto
business for convenience or
business tacked onto ministry.
Instead the mission is outworked
in and through the business,
through its activities, through the
products and services and through
relationships. The business itself and
life in business for those involved
becomes the means of carrying the
good news of Jesus through word
and deed to the ‘ends of the earth’.
Business has the potential to
generate new wealth through a
combination of creativity, risk and
work. A profitable and sustainable
business is able to create new
jobs, drive new innovations and
increase resources for society.
Business can provide goods and
services that are needed in a
community and it is established
on a wide network of relationships.
These activities, products and
relationships are integral to business
and part of the God-given potential
of business to transform society
and glorify Him. ‘Business as a
Mission’ leverages this potential of
business as a force for good in the
world. It can address spiritual needs
hand in hand with social, economic
and
environmental
needs.

Premasis Satman
Executive Director

Stephen
Devassy

4

5Talents Magazine

July 2013

w w w . 5 Ta l e n t s M A G . c o m

With God all
things are
possible...

Stephen Devassy is a man who built himself
upon his dreams. He did his schooling at 7th
day Adventist high school, Ottapaalam from
where he started walking into the world of
music. He got his first ever keyboard of his
own, as a gift from his Dad PK Devassy, from
when and where he started to pave his way
forth as a musician. Stephen had started to
learn to play keyboard since when he was
in the 5th standard. He used to perform in
churches even during his small age which
finally gave him the confidence to present
himself in a show before the public, and that
too when he was in the 8th standard.
As he made his way to NSS College,
Ottapaalam to do his pre-degree, he had
made up his mind not to let go of music ever
in his entire life. This gave him the motivation
to develop himself and gave him the
opportunity to do his first tour abroad while
he was in the first year of his pre-degree, with
the legendary singer Padmashree Hariharan.
The passion in him grew to know no limits
with what he achieved his degree and a
record by completing his 8th grade piano at
the age of 16 from Trinity College, London.
His keyboard tutor was Leslie Peter and his
Piano teacher was Fr.Thomas Chakalamattath,
Chetana Academy at Thrissur.

Stephen Devassy never found it hard to
be active in the NCC too, along with his
experiments with music. He still finds his
selection of being one among the only 3 NCC
cadets selected from Kerala to represent the
state, for the Republic day parade at Delhi
during the year 1998, as one of the greatest
recognitions he has got.
A R Rahman’s music has influenced Stephen
to explore more about the technical aspects
of Sound Engineering and Music Production.
He started recreating the tones used in ARR
songs. This interest developed at a very fast
rate and Stephen started doing keyboard
programming for many leading music
directors in Malayalam. Passion for music
took him to next level, when he shifted to
Chennai during 2003. His music programming
skills gave Stephen an own identity in the
Tamil industry and soon he became one of
the busiest keyboard programmers in the
industry. His music production style took him
to the Bollywood scene, where he worked
as the programmer for music directors like
Shankar-Ehsaan-Loy, Anu Malik etc. He has
worked with more than 50 music directors in
many Languages like Hindi, Tamil, Malayalam,
Telugu, Bengali, Kannada and programmed
over 2000 songs.
5Talents Magazine

July 2013

5

“I can do all things
through Christ who
strengthens me.”

In association with Kosmic Music, Stephen
has also set to tune, Sanskrit slokas, Mantras
and Verses from the Upanishads, with the
background of western music called “Sacred
Chants” of Kosmic Music. His instrumental
Phil 4:13
albums includes “Romanza” and “Different
Vibes”. He has also composed REX Band’s started with the Jai Ho tour starting with Jai Ho
International albums.
Calicut show. A call from the man ARR himself
was like the perfect catalyst for his caliber and
Stephen’s career as a music producer began dedication to music, which he considers to be
to deviate eventually as his need to become a gift from God.
a live performer began to increase. His
schedule became filled with more and more Stephen always wanted to do something for
shows which in turn boosted his popularity the aspiring youth and wanted to provide
and thereby making him the most wanted quality education for them in the field of Audio
Keyboard and Keytar live performer in India. He and Music. Thus in 2010 with his brother Sam,
does shows on a regular basis ranging atleast he completely developed Muzik Lounge
10-12 shows a month in India and abroad . studios, which they had started at Chennai
Stephen’s playing accent and the perfection in 2007, into Muzik Lounge school of Audio
he maintains, made him the youth’s idol. He Technology at Chennai with the latest state
is undoubtedly the fastest keyboard player of the art technical support with a vision to
and his swimming fingers on the keytar have provide international standard education.
always pushed the audience to the state of
awe. The energy he delivers while playing the His family includes his Dad PK Devassy, Mother
instrument makes him enjoy each and every Susy Devassy, Elder Sister Biju Solomon &
note he plays, which in turn tells a story to the Elder Brother Sam Devassy .
audience. Any musician or singer is happy to
perform on stage, if it’s Stephen on keyboard. On 16th November 2010, Stephen found
himself a partner to share his life with, namely
His on stage association with A R Rahman Jesna Joy.

6

5Talents Magazine

July 2013

w w w . 5 Ta l e n t s M A G . c o m

Sarah Bridals

Memories Made To Last A Lifetime

Soujanya Sunil
Bridal Consultant

We are specialize in
Wedding Growns,
Imported Wedding
Veils, Bridemaids
Dresses,Flower-girl
Dresses, Baskets,
Halos, Suit Boutannaires, Corsages,
Unity bangles and
all other Wedding
accessories.
We also undertake
Church Decorations
and Catering.
7

5Talents Magazine

June 2013

Contact:
3-5-807/1/c/1, Hyderguda,
Hyderabad - 500 029, AP, India
Phone: 91-81061-09469
Soujanayasunil@gmail.com
www.SarahBridals.net
w w2013
.2013
5 T a l e n t s .7i7n
5Talents
June
5TalentsMagazine
Magazine w
July

Holy Land Tours
by A.K. INTERNATIONAL TOURISM

Palestine

Jordan

Egypt

Israel

Contact: Choundeshwari Complex”, C.S. No. 219 /1, Shivaji Putala Road, Miraj - 416 410,
Dist.-Sangli. Maharashtra ( INDIA) Phone no.: +91 233 2227205 Mobile : +91-8378960099,
+91-8378960055 Website: www.akinternationaltourism.com

8

5Talents Magazine

June 2013

w w w . 5 Ta l e n t s . i n

When Serpent Suicide Slithers in
By Ingrid Albuquerque-Solomon

A

young and desirable Indian actress,
just 26, committed suicide by hanging
herself from the ceiling. The reality of
individuals retreating into despair has shaken
not just Bollywood. On the heels of that tragedy,
there have been several other suicides. Can
anything change the tide?

same cliff-hanging edge, but survived. We met
once a month to encourage one another; now
we are not without joy, hope and a promising
future for ourselves and our children in our
uplifted lifestyles.
She cancelled her death plans and asked to
join the group.

It was 10.45 in the night when a person called
to tell me she was committing suicide. She had Everybody – especially in today’s mercurial and
already called her friends to say goodbye.
mercenary times – needs to have a spiritual
companion (distinct from a friend or family
She did not know me; she’d only called because member) with whom he or she can set up a
she promised her best friend she would. The weekly God-present confidential meeting
details of my Single Mom Meets appear in the where they can be mutually accountable to one
newspapers with my contact number, which another, encourage and advise one another.
her friend had jotted down.
So that God can use them as instruments to
speak to and through one another, it is best if
Her story: She was eight-and-a-half months they are not friends (who could be emotional
pregnant, had not yet reached her first rather than objective and righteous in counsel).
anniversary and her husband had left her for
another woman. Over the next hour, I was given That way, when all doors appear firmly closed
heart-wrenching details of the humiliation she’d and serpent suicide comes slithering in, the
had to endure. “Life has nothing to offer us and God-friend can open the window and let the
I have no choice but to opt out, I hope you sun come shining in.
understand.”
Lord, You are the Way, the Truth and the Life!
I had walked that road myself. She wanted to Please be there for those who are drowning
know how I was still alive. I informed her that in darkness and have lost the will to live. At
I too had tried to make one last call before that desperate moment, rescue them and give
blowing out the candle. I’d rung up a spiritual them light and fresh new hope for the future.
companion to say goodbye. I told her about
other single moms who’d also struggled at the
5Talents Magazine

July 2013

9

Tears of the Bride is priced at Rs 275 + Rs 25 postal charges. Cheques in favor
of “Berean Bay Media House Pvt Ltd”. The book is also available on Amazon
Kindle at http://www.amazon.com/dp/B00D7CCWBI.
Email tearsofthebride@gmail.com or call 9880174153 for more details.
Postal Address: 001 Geobirds Manor, 2 Cline Road, Cooke Town, Bangalore 560005

OM Books is a leading distributor of Christian literature in Asia. It has 28
retail outlets in the major cities across India. OM Books is the distributor of
several major international publishers. Wide range of our literatures includes
Bibles, reference books, books for youth and children, books on leadership
and management, family life and so on. Books are available in English and
other Indian languages.
OM Books supplies its products to over 300 retailers in India and other
South Asian countries.
Products are also available on our online retail store www.christianstore.in
Authentic Media is the publishing division of OM Books that involve in publishing books and producing music albums, movies and gift articles.
OM Books is in association with Biblica International the publisher of New
International Version, the most popular version of the Bible today.

Hindi Music Album

NACHOONGA

Sheldon Bangera

Sheldon Bangera, having a great
singing experience in the classic
worship songs presents Nachoonga.
It is a collection of popular English
worship songs by well known lyricist
Matt Redman, Martin Smith, Tim
Hughes and others performed in
Indian flavour. It provides a path from
English speaking worship to the Indian
community across the globe. Now
we hear “Here I am to Worship”, “In
Christ Alone”, “Your Grace Is Enough”,
“Blessed Be Your Name” etc in Hindi.
Price 125.00

Format : ACD
• Aizawl 0389-2348688 • Bangalore 080-25432850 • Chennai 044-26420816
• Coimbatore 0422-2524644 • Dehradun 0135-2710643 • Dimapur 03862-229370
• Goa 0832-2422908 • Guwahati 0361-2732098 • Hyderabad (OM Campus) 04027872145 • Hyderabad (City) 040-27800778 • Imphal 0385-2423398 • Kochi 04842396333 • Kolkata 033-22265260 • Kottayam 0481-2582333 • Mumbai 022-24319314
• New Delhi 011-23364670 • Pune 020-26050825 • Shillong 0364-2228232
• Trichy 0431-2792005 • Trivandrum 0471-2533338 • Tura(Meghalaya)03651-224618
• Vellore0416-2235151 • Visakhapatanam 0891-2567544

For more information and trade enquiries:
OM Books, Logos Bhavan, Medchal Road, Suchithra
Junction, Secunderabad – 500 067, A.P, Phone 040 – 40307500 email: marketing@ombooks.org

New Releases Music
10,000 REASONS TO WORSHIP
By Various

Passionate Worship, Exuberant Praise. 33 tracks features songs of
Matt Redman and Tim Hughes, Chris Tomlin & Brian Doerksen,
Hillsongs , Jesus Culture, and Third Day are included here. Includes
‘Here for You’, ‘Not to Us’, ‘Saviour of the World’, ‘Came to My
Rescue’, ‘Lead Me to Cross’, ‘Let It Rain’, ‘Let Your Kingdom Come’,
‘Deep Cries Out’, I Will Follow’, ‘Awesome Is the Lord Most High’,
‘Sanctuary’, ‘The River’, ‘Love the Lord’, etc.,

Format : MP3
Rs.99.00

50 STORIES FROM
THE BIBLE [MP3]
Various

MY DAD - WORSHIP
FOR KIDS [DVD]
Toby
This exciting new
animated series follows
the story of Toby, an
ordinary little boy who
becomes best friend
with Jesus and goes
on adventures with
his cool friend into his
heart and beyond.
Choose from 9 vibrant
music videos or eyecatching animated
sing-along titles and
dance routines.

Price : 149.00

Buy online

50 Stories from the
Bible is a collection of
stories from the Bible.
For thousands of years
the stories in the Bible
have been passed
from generation to
generation. Now
as ever they are an
important part of our
children’s heritage.
These timeless truths
have been especially
created to be read
aloud and heard, with
rhythm and humour
that ensures they will
be enjoyed again and
again.

Price : 99.00

www.christianstore.in

ACOUSTIC SESSIONS,
THE - VOL 1 [ACD]
Casting Crowns

The Acoustic Sessions:
Volume One is the first
compilation album by
American Christian
rock band Casting
Crowns. It was released
in January. The album
is all acoustic music
that contains worship
music elements. Track
list includes “If We
Are the Body” , “East
to West”, “American
Dream”, “Who Am I”,
“Here I Go Again” etc..

Price : 149.00

50 INSTRUMENTAL
GOLDEN HYMNS
[MP3]
Various

A Unique collection
of 50 Instrumental
Hymns. Includes
both contemporary
and traditional
interpretations,
including solo piano,
flute, celtic harp and
pipes together with
luxurious orchestral
and ensemble
arrangements.This
collection of hymns
include “Stand up
Stand up for Jesus”,
“All for Jesus”, “Pass me
not”, “Onward Christian
Soldiers”....etc

Price : 99.00

CHERUB WINGS THE KING’S CASTLE
[DVD]
Various
The King’s Castle help
children to understand
that keeping their
hearts clean and pure
is just as important
as caring for their
surroundings. Children
will learn that God is
more important than
material things or
money.

Price : 149.00

New Releases Books
THE ART OF CHRISTIAN LEADERSHIP
By Jon Byler

Four men, one calling: To serve and protect. As law enforcement officers, Adam This
book will take your leadership to the next level! Each chapter focuses on a skill that
will shape your life as you put the action assignment into practice. Jon writes from a
wealth of experience both in leading and in training other leaders. This book will be
a personal mentor for your leadership journey.
“Most ministries languish not for lack of God’s power, but for the lack of effective
leadership - most Christian leaders suffer not from a lack of character, but a lack of
leadership skills. Jon’s book will help. It’s a goldmine of pragmatic, applicable ideas
that will help leaders lead at a higher level!”
—Mark Miller, VP Training and Development, Chick-fil-A, Inc., author with Ken
Blanchard The Secret! What great leaders know – and do

ART OF PASTORING,
THE [REVISED]
David Hansen

Pastoring requires
many practical skills.
But what isn’t so easily
found in books is a
focus on the heart
of the ministry. This
book provides that
missing focus. Here
are wonderful stories
of nearly a decade
of ministry in the
mountains of Montana.
Price : 129.00

LANGUAGE OF
SCIENCE AND FAITH,
THE
Karl Giberson,
Francis Collins

Science often claims to
explain nature without
including God. The
Language of Science
and Faith explains
how God cares for
and interacts with His
creation while science
offers a reliable way to
understand the world
He made.

MARRIAGE YOU’VE
ALWAYS WANTED, THE
Gary Chapman
Gary Chapman looks
at the key issues that
will help you build the
marriage you’ve always
wanted. Dr. Chapman
delivers advice on all
the “big issues”: money,
communication,
decision making, inlaws, and much more.
Price : 99.00

PSYCHOLOGY &
CHRISTIANITY : 5 VIEWS

Eric Johnson L

How are Christians
to understand and
undertake the discipline
of psychology?
Psychology &
Christianity: Five Views
presents five models
for understanding the
relationship between
psychology and
Christianity.

Price : 175.00

Price : 149.00

GREAT OMISSION, THE
[REVISED EDT.]
Robertson McQuilkin

Becoming the Father
Your Children Need
Robertson McQuilkin
in The Great Omission
thoroughly investigates
the reasons so few
Christians attempt to
carry the message of
Christ to the “so many”
who have never heard of
Him. As he is well-versed
on trends and strategies
in world missions, he
presents the challenge
of world evangelism in
an unforgettable way.
Price : 99.00

Authentic is the publishing division of OM Books

Buy online

www.christianstore.in
13

Bibles
NLT CHRONOLOGICAL LIFE APPLICATION STUDY BIBLE
tThe Bible is the story of God’s interaction with his creation. It is a story that occurs over
time, in many places, and through many events. It includes the lives and lessons learned
by many people from many cultures. It’s often easy to lose sight of the way in which
God’s story fits together when our primary way of looking at the Bible is a bit here and
a bit there.
The new four-color Chronological Life Application Study Bible combines the proven
resources of the Life Application Study Bible with a chronological format and several
brand-new resources. The Bible is arranged in 10 chronological sections that help the
reader to see how the various pieces of the Bible fit together. New section intros and
timelines set the stage for the passages in each section. New archaeological notes and
photographs help to bring God’s story to life in a whole new way.

Rs. 2,380.00

NKJV - VELVETEEN
BIBLE [COMPACT]
This new offering
for little ones, The
Velveteen Bible
features soft fur and
a fuzzy tail! Inside,
the New King James
Version scripture is
accompanied by
whimsical images of
bunnies and other
baby animals, colorful
borders, and lovely
sentiments from the
scriptures. The Bible
is packaged in a
keepsake treasure box.

NIV - THINLINE BIBLE
COMPACT [Orchid/
Razzleberry]
Pick your favorite Bible
from NIV Thinline
collection. Whether
you are going to
church, heading to
work, or touring the
globe, this Bible is
ready to go with you.
Its size makes it easy to
keep the timeless truth
of God’s Word at hand,
no matter where life
takes you.

Price : 1,250.00

Price : 950.00

Buy online

www.christianstore.in

KJV - HOLMAN
FAMILY BIBLE
With the Holman
Family Bible in your
living room, you are
making a statement
of faith that is strong
and clear, simple
and inviting. You are
opening wonder in a
child’s eyes through
captivating Masters’
paintings and Bible
stories. You are linking
hands with those
who have shared
your family’s story by
capturing in print their
names, their lives, their
special moments.

Price : 1,080.00

KJV - COMPACT
THINLINE BLOOM
COLLECTION BIBLE

NIV - STORY BIBLE,
THE

This KJV Compact
Bible in convenient
size easily allows
you to carry it in just
about anything: your
gym bag, your glove
box, your backpack,
or your laptop bag.
This flower-inspired
Compact Thinline
Bloom Collection Bible
is the ideal way to keep
God’s Word at your
side.

God goes to great
lengths to rescue lost
and hurting people.
That is what The Story
is all about—the story
of the Bible, God’s
great love affair with
humanity. Condensed
into 31 accessible
chapters, The Story
Bible sweeps you
into the unfolding
progression of Bible
characters and events
from Genesis to
Revelation.

Price : 1,280.00

Price : 1,025.00

Breakthrough, one of India’s
leading outbound training
consultants.
Impacting lives in
Corporates, Colleges,
Schools, Churches, and
NGOs.

We invite you to come and experience a Breakthrough
Bangalore:
Breakthrough
No.80/2A, SOS Post,Bannerghatta Road,
BK Circle, Bangalore – 560076
Ph.No: 080-26852422
Mail id: robin@breakthrough-india.com

Coimbatore:
Breakthrough
At Prof PRR Training Centre
11/6, Chinna JambuKandi,
Annaikati, Coimbatore-641108
Mail id: viv@breakthrough-india.com

Visit us on www.breakthrough-india.com
Find us on Facebook at www.facebook.com/breakthrough

The Camp that God Built
~Jenny Svetec

R

emember the childhood story, “This is the
House that Jack Built”? Well the book of
Numbers could be titled, “This is the Camp
that God Built.” In the first chapters of Numbers,
God ordered a census for Israel, establishing
each tribes’ position in the camp, as He assigned
rooms for all His children. Each tribe was then
relayed their numbers, what order they were to
march out of camp and where they were to camp
in relation to the tabernacle. Sounds almost like
family camp, when cabins are assigned and the
information booklets are handed out, doesn’t it?
After instructing Moses about the details of the
tabernacle, and seeing His people respond with
obedience and generosity in the establishing
of the “tent that God built”, suddenly God takes
an unexpected turn in construction details. God
commands Moses to move everyone with leprosy,
those with oozing sores, those menstruating, and
those whom had been at a deathbed out the
camp. Moses and the Israelites quickly obeyed.
Hold on: Cast out the grieving, the ill, women
menstruating and men with discharge? What was
going on here? In order to unlock the principle,
a crucial key is to hear what God is saying: Put
out both male and female, put them outside the
camp, that they may not defile their camps in the
midst of which I dwell( Numbers5:2, NKJV). Dwell,
shakan, in Hebrew, is a word which means to
permanently move in and settle down.
You see, it was almost moving day in Camp
Israel. God’s intention was to permanently settle
as the centre of Israel, with all His power and His
presence, the Hub of His people, with the twelve
tribes settled like spokes around the tabernacle, a
massive bird’s eye illustration of God as the focal
point of life for His people.

16

5Talents Magazine

July 2013

In order for God to move in, certain ground rules
had to be maintained. Camp Israel, by virtue
of God’s Presence, had to maintain a standard
which pagan, Egyptian-raised Israel would not be
expecting: the camp needed to be holy. Upon
uttering His intention for permanent residency,
Moses acted quickly, for God was not suggesting
a conditional rental agreement, a twelve month
lease, easily broken and quickly abandoned. God
was outlining His desire to stay with His people and
Moses eagerly moved to meet His conditions.
Holiness to God is by its nature, uncompromising.
For the people of Israel, whose living experience of
worship was limited to Egyptian idol worship and
wilderness groans, leaving the tabernacle to the
priests seemed normal. Yet God, in establishing
His residency, informed Israel that His greatness
impacted more than His tabernacle; in fact, by
virtue of His holiness, anywhere God lived had to
be holy, set apart, which meant the entire nation
would be impacted, without exception. Hence the
decree that all with leprosy, discharge or exposed
to a corpse needed to leave.
Quite the object lesson. Notice the set standard.
Basically, Moses said: If you are unclean, get out.
This is no ordinary KOA campground. This is Camp
Israel. God is our midst. We are not an ordinary
nation. We are extraordinary. For anyone ill, Camp
Israel was not exactly a comfortable environment,
though it was definitely an honest one. Yet why
was discharge such an offense? And what was the
problem with leprosy? Why banishment for being
near a corpse?
In Israel’s days, leprosy, a contagious disease of the
flesh, was a literal illustration of the decay process,
one slow day at a time, until disease overtook
the afflicted one. Discharge was a sure outward
w w w . 5 Ta l e n t s M A G . c o m

sign that illness was present in an individual and
unchecked illness always lead to death. Corpses
were deadly, literally with the threat of disease
multiplying the longer the body decayed. With
the command to remove those near death and
diseased, God, the Giver of Light, firmly illustrated
that He will not live with our darkness. Darkness
and light can’t cohabitate. One encompasses the
other. Just as light can’t cohabitate with darkness,
so death cannot abide with the Source of all life.
With the command for the diseased to leave
camp, the Israelites understood what holiness
actually meant – no wiggle room, no excuses, no
rationalizing of sin, death or disease. If you were
diseased, you were out. No exceptions. God was
in the camp and His Presence would have a huge
impact on Israel. God’s terms of His occupation
with Israel were clear: Be holy, as I am holy. Be
whole, be set apart and be honest with the
condition of your sin. With God present, Camp
Israel could never be a place where anything goes.
The defiled and ill, the contagious had to leave,
because the Holy One was coming to stay.
But what of those put out? What of the women,
who were thrust outside of the settlement trying to
understand the God who had removed them from
the camp? What of the lepers who were banned
from the camp? Or those dazed with grief at the
death of their mother, father, or child?
The book of Leviticus brings us an answer with
good news for the diseased and grieved in Israel:
Outside of the camp is where His mercy and
healing flows deepest. For beyond the camp was
God’s infirmary, where the diseased were healed,
the grieving were restored and the priesthood was
at its best.For the leper, Leviticus 14:3,7 explains
how the priesthood was more than equipped to
deal with this disease, stating: And the priest shall
go out of the camp, and the priest shall examine
him; and indeed, if the leprosy is healed in the
leper… And he shall sprinkle it seven times on him
who is to be cleansed from the leprosy, and shall
pronounce him clean, and shall let the living bird
loose in the open field.
Leprosy wasn’t a death sentence with God around.
In fact, the outskirts of the Israelite camp was
actually a place of healing, not banishment. When

the priest journeyed out of the camp to verify the
miracle, and the man or woman was declared clean
once again, he let loose a bird to fly so that all the
camp could see that restoration had happened.
For a woman with discharge, Leviticus 15 offered
similar days, cleansings and offerings. For the
man with discharge, Leviticus 15 established clear
expectation for the man to wait, to clean, to atone
and to be restored.
God’s intention for the camp outskirts was for
healing, not neglect. Outside of the camp, the
individual would wait for healing, and then a
merciful and compassionate priest would bring
relief, declare the person healed and welcome them
back into the camp where God lives. Unlike Egypt,
God, Jehovah Ropha, the God of Healing lived at
Camp Israel, thus restoration and mercy ruled the
day. If an Israelite journeyed outside the camp to
find God in their darkness, they could return to God
in the camp and be transformed by His light.
Now consider, if God required holiness for the
people of Israel, a stern reckoning of sin, which
was transparently addressed and ministered to,
what does God require for us, His people, who are
temples for Him, the living God? Peter, in his letter
says not much has changed on that account:
Therefore gird up the loins of your mind, be sober,
and rest your hope fully upon the grace that is to
be brought to you at the revelation of Jesus Christ;
as obedient children, not conforming yourselves to
the former lusts, as in your ignorance; but as He
who called you is holy, you also be holy in all your
conduct, because it is written, “Be holy, for I am
holy.”( 1 Peter 1:13-16, NKJV)
God hasn’t changed his plans. He still plans to
permanently dwell within us. As we rend our hearts
before Him, we need to remember the place of
mercy outside of the camp, that beloved cross of
Calvary for our diseased hearts, fleshy minds and
broken bodies. Let’s go to our great High Priest
who loves and gave Himself for us and receive
the forgiveness and healing needed, that we may
return to live a life which glorifies God. May we
each humble our hearts and allow the Holy Spirit
to lead us in holy living as we delight in the Camp
which God built, to His great glory and to our great
wonder.
5Talents Magazine

July 2013

17

3rd Anniversary
Celebrations and
Business Conference

Saturday 6th July 2013
Marriott Hotel
Tank Bund, Hyderabad

CCCI Business Conference 3rd Anniversary
The Christian Chamber of Commerce & Industry
(CCCI) celebrated its 3rd Anniversary with a
‘Business Conference’ at Marriot Hotel, Hyderabad,
on 6th July.
CHRISTIAN
CHAMBER
OF COMMERCE
& INDUSTRY
UNIFIED GROWTH FOR
E XCELLENCE

18

5Talents Magazine

July 2013

CCCI, which has been growing steadily under the
stewardship of former Director General of A.P.
Police, Mr. Noel Swaranjit Sen IPS, and other senior
members. CCCI had a successful full day interactive
session which was open to all, and attracted
delegates from across the country and overseas
as well. Dr William Dar, Director General, ICRISAT, a
special guest for the occasion, spoke on the latest
agricultural practices and their implementation.
Mr. Abid Rasool Khan, Chairman Minorities
Commission, AP, spoke on the initiatives taken by
them on ensuring that minorities problems are
brought to the appropriate level for rectification.
w w w . 5 Ta l e n t s M A G . c o m

ADVerTORIAL

Dr. Jayasudha Kapoor, MLA (Secunderabad), and collaboration with their countries.
Ms. Christine Lazares, MLA, were effusive in their
greetings and remarked on how CCCI had grown Numerous business stalls from a variety of
in the last few years.
enterprises were also on display and attracted a
great deal of interest and visits.
Mr Pradeep Chandra, Principal Secretary, Industries
and Commerce, Government of Andhra Pradesh, All entrepreneurs, especially the small and medium
spoke on opportunities in Industry along with Dr ones benefited from the talks given by top
C. Kondaiah, Former Director General, National bureaucrats and industry professionals. As CCCI
Institute for Micro Small and Medium Enterprises, leaps into the next year many new initiatives, with
whose talk was particularly useful to the budding an increasing focus on management training for
entrepreneurs in the audience. Other sessions members, as well as B2B meetings and enabling
included talks on banking, loan availability and formal networking among members is planned.
subsidies, realty and infrastructure.
New chapters of CCCI are planned to be established
The afternoon session focused on the global in many places in India and one in Dubai.
scenario. Representatives from Embassies /
Consulates of the USA, UK, Australia and Israel,
Noel Swaranjit Sen, IPS
shared insights into current opportunities
Former Director General of A.P. Police
available for trade, investment, and alliances and
5Talents Magazine

July 2013

19

W

hat is happening? is a recurring question right
across the country as the general public and
community, business, and other leaders try
to comprehend the numerous allegations of abuse of
office, corruption, and fraud made against elected and
appointed representatives. For weeks such allegations
have dominated news casts. No level of government and
no political party seems to be immune to such allegations.
Whatever the truth of particular accusations may be, there
is a general perception that something is wrong that needs
to be addressed.
Early in the ministry of Nation At Prayer. a person close
to the political scene urged us to pray that “what is
hidden will be made known.” We recently reminded
that individual of our conversation, and of how the Lord
is honouring the prayer. He said, “Now we need to
pray that leaders will have the wisdom to know
what to do!”
This is a time to remember that things often look the
messiest and most out of control when the Holy Spirit is
most active - bringing things to light, cleansing, healing,
transforming. It’s a time to remember that answers to
prayer may not look the way we imagined, and that
God’s response is not restricted by our limitations. This
is a time to remember that we cannot expect from
people what only God can do, that human beings
often fail, and only God is perfect. This is a time to take
heart, to dig deep in prayer, and to trust God.
Daily we are reminded of the weaknesses and failings of
systems and people; we need also to remind ourselves
that nothing is beyond God’s knowing and reach. He
alone has the wisdom, authority, love and mercy to
answer our prayers according to His perfect will. The
Holy Spirit is capable of transforming any situation and
any individual; through prayer every one of us can be a
powerful instrument of transformation.

Nation At Prayer has reached a significant milestone
as we celebrate 10 years of ministry. For a decade
we have been meeting one-on-one for prayer with
elected representatives at all levels of government,
encouraging Christians across the denominational
spectrum to pray for their own elected representatives,
encouraging the development of community-wide
prayer breakfasts and other gatherings to pray for
civic and community leaders, and providing a variety
of resources to strengthen individual and community
prayer life. Elected representatives respond to the nonpartisan, non-issue foundation of the ministry.
For 10 years we have witnessed the powerful moving
of the Holy Spirit, leading in ways we could never have
imagined, transforming both people and situations. It
has been a 10-year journey of living the truth that “the
One who calls us is faithful and He will do it!” And the
journey has just begun!
What is happening? The Holy Spirit continues to work
among and within elected representatives, and the
opportunities for prayer continue to expand at every
level of government. Christians are joining together
across denominational lines in ever-increasing numbers
to worship and to pray for community leaders.
Community prayer breakfasts continue to spring up
across the country. There is a hunger to know God
through prayer and His Word among Christians of
all ages. First Nations and Aboriginal leaders bear
witness to the power of the Holy Spirit in the midst of
tremendous challenge.
As Christians, we must not elect, and then neglect,
our politicians. Let’s make this Canada Day a day of
celebration and thanksgiving - and let us begin the
day with prayer for the Prime Minister, your Premier/
Territorial Leader, your Mayor, Chief or tribal elder,
and your federal, provincial, municipal and aboriginal
council representatives.
21
5Talents Magazine July 2013

ADVERTisement

Jaya School
of Education

Center for Skill
Development
EXPERT ABACUS

Jaya School of Education,
offers a range of
programs to students
of all age groups with
special emphasis on
skill development. We
conduct our programs
at schools, colleges and
have a huge network of
franchisees within India
and are exploring to
expand internationally.

A whole brain development program (Age 5 to
13 yrs)

EXPERT MATHS

Specially designed for
High School (Age 14 yrs
and above)

EXPERT HANDWRITING

Handwriting Improvement program (Age 7yrs
& above)

Head Office: 2 & 3 A, 2nd Floor, Lenaine Estate, Abids Road, Hyderbad, India
Phone: +91 - 9966568500, +91-9246812148 Email: info@jayaschoolofeducation.co

Business Seva is committed to Business as Mission, creating and
supporting sustainable businesses with focus on elevating the
marginalised, poverty stricken by creating brand new jobs.

July, 2013 issue

Co-sponsor of

Quality Academics
AND
Biblical Character?
You can receive BOTH?

Business Seva, 2A, 2nd Floor, Lenaine Estate, 5 - 9 - 189,
Opp. Chermas, Abids Road,
Hyderabad - 500 001, Andhra Pradesh, India.
Mobile: +91 9581444411, 9581444422,

CHERISH YOUR HEALTH

IF

- IT IS GOOD, PRESERVE IT
- IT IS UNSTABLE, IMPROVE IT
- IT IS BEYOND WHAT YOU
CAN IMPROVE... GET HELP.

Professional Fitness Club

Ladies
only

Chirag-Ali-Lane, Abids, Hyderabad.
Tel 30608655, 9391134128

All the things you want in
a school for your child!

•
•
•
•
•
•
•

Grade Levels KG – 12
Phonetics-Based Reading
Individualized Curriculum
Diagnostics Testing
Character Building
Biblical Principles
Computer Technology

For more information contact:
Olive Learning Center
139. A.P. Tect Book Colony,
Gunrock Enclave
+91 9912205111 / 8008889574
www.olivelearningcenter.org
info@olivelearningcenter.org

23

5Talents Magazine

April 2013

w w w . 5 Ta l e n t s . i n

WATERLESS CAR WASH INTRODUCED FOR
THE FIRST TIME IN INDIA USING LATEST
BRAZILIAN TECHNOLOGY

sERVICES
- ZERO WATER
(Scratch-free shine and protection)
- POLISHING
- technical ENGINE CLEANING
- wAXING
- CLEANING THE AIR CONDITIONING
- cleaning the interior
- revitalization
- protective film

franchise required
DRY WASH, 1st Level Parking, Cinemax, Opp. L.V. Prasad, Banjara Hills, Hyderabad
Tel: 040 - 64643411, 040 - 64643412, E-mail: info@drywashindia.com

www.5TalentsMAG.com

