5

issue 9 JUNE 2013

TALENTS
Christian Magazine

discovering talents for gods’ kingdom

Peggy
Kennedy
It’s all about
the process

~ By George Powell

Contents Table
From the Pulpit to
the Pen
~ Rev. Peggy I Kennedy

4
Olive Learning
Center
~ Becky and Sam

Together... turn
the tears into
smiles?

10

7

~ By Ingrid
AlbuquerqueSolomon

5Talent Magazine is a webzine published monthly.
MISSION:
- Promote the Gospel of our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ
- Impact the character of individuals in the ’Body of Christ’
based on the word of God
- Advertise programs and ventures that fulfills
‘The Great Commission’ for the end time purposes
5Talents Magazine grants permission for any original article
to be quoted provided 5Talents Magazine is indicated to be
the source. For use of an entire article permission must be granted.

9

It’s all about
the process

~ By George Powell

PUBLISHER
Deepakshi Kolia
EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR
Premasis Satman
EDITOR IN CHIEF
Elveera Redwood
CREATIVE DIRECTOR
Elizabeth Clayton

16
ADVERTISING & MARKETING

SHILOH GLOBAL SOLUTIONS
Hyderbad: 970 082 2149
Canada: 416 502 3777
Editorial Email: emag@5talents.in
Advertising Email: bill@5talents.in

5TALENTS MAGAZINE,
LIGH-36, APHB Colony, Moulali,
Hyderabad- 500 040

What is the responsibility
of the Church?

I

n church history, God’s people
have responded in various ways
to the plight of the poor and
oppressed. History is full of men
and women, who in the name of
Christ, built hospitals, cared for
the sick, abolished slavery, and
ministered to deep felt needs.
However, over the last century,
especially in the evangelical church,
there has been a movement away
from
“compassion
ministries.”
As evangelicals, we believe that
the primary purpose of the
Church is to point people towards
receiving Christ and growing
in his grace. We have only
focused on spiritual issues and
neglected the felt needs of people.
I think scripture overwhelmingly
teaches that we have a good
balance. Being the Church
is more than just a matter of
preaching about spiritual things,
it’s about demonstrating the
power of those spiritual ideals
in our relationships. Here are
two realities that I think scripture
reveals about our responsibility to
meet physical and spiritual needs.
1) Jesus commands it of us.
(Matthew
25:34-45)
ESV
In this passage, Jesus reminds us
that our neglect of the needs of
the poor is ultimately a neglect of
Jesus himself. He stands in solidarity
with the poor and expects that we
as His people care for those needs.
2) Our recognition of the love
of God expresses itself in a love
for the poor. (1 John 3:17) ESV
John puts his finger right on the issue

when we say that this person “sees
his brother in need and closes his
heart against him.” To be sure there is
a place for wisdom and stewardship
in meeting the needs of the poor.
The church is not an ATM to be
taken advantage of. I fear that
we have gone to the opposite
extreme and closed our heart
to true need. The first step to
showing compassion for the poor
is to “do” and to not lose the heart.
Malachi 3:10 says, “Bring the whole
tithe into the storehouse, that there
may be food in my house” food
for whom? It is for the priest and
Levites who were not suppose to do
any other activities except serving
in the temple in the time of Old
Testament. Now in present days we
have salaried pastors and staff, so
what about the excess funds? The
Church is an institution with great
capabilities and can step ahead to
do for the poor and hungry if they
stay united to achieve this goal,
so that the funds and resources
can be used to glorify the Lord.
We can no longer afford to
misuse our offerings – firstly, use
it as the Lord meant it to be used
for the poor and needy. After
that use it for other things such
as church buildings, parsonages,
conference centers, multi-purpose
buildings,
air
conditioning,
padded pews, pipe organs, and
the likes, all of which will soon be
forgotten. Only what is done for
furthering His kingdom will come
out as ‘Gold, silver, and precious
stones’ when it is tested by fire.

Premasis Satman
Executive Director

Rev. Peggy I Kennedy
Peggy is a speaker and author who ministers internationally.
She and her husband Jack form Two Silver Trumpets Ministry.
These two “trumpets”, like those described in Numbers 10,
sound forth a valuable message to serve the Body of Christ
across Canada and beyond. Whether from the pulpit or the
pen, they are committed to releasing the “now Word” of the
Lord to His people.

4

5Talents Magazine

June 2013

w w w . 5 Ta l e n t s . i n

From the
Pulpit to
the Pen
“If you can ever get under an apple tree with
God, do it! There He will awaken you with
His love and you will arise to go with Him.” I
marveled as I heard myself sharing this phrase.
The setting was a Saturday morning luncheon
where as the guest speaker, I would be sharing
the Word of God with the dedicated followers
of the Lord. I found myself telling them the
“conversation” I had had with the Lord en
route to the meeting. That conversation was
all about writing. I would be writing in not one
but three streams...the apple tree would be
first. This announcement from the Lord was
but His latest in the sequence of words I was
hearing about writing. It was not unusual for
people to approach me and say “you should
write a book”...or “there’s a book in you!”
Obviously with this new round of disclosures I
was getting closer to the discovery of a whole
new realm of ministry to the Body of Christ.
Now not only the three books written in the
three streams are a reality, but so also is the
delight of partnering with the Lord to release
the matters of His heart via the printed page.
I began my calling to the pulpit ministry
early...in fact I was preaching when I was still
a teenager. Convinced of the call of God, I
pursued training in Bible School as well as
diverse opportunities of ministry. The early
arena of ministry was among Canada’s first
peoples. Also, in luncheons or conferences
I was invited to speak to women who had
a desire to press in to receive more from
the Lord. I’ve known the unique delight of
watching the Spirit of the Lord take the Word

and minister it into the “now” moments of the
hearers whether in Canada or internationally.
I’ve always been drawn to the narrative
portions of the Word of God. Those are
more than “stories”. They tell of real-life
partnerships with a living God. After many
years of ministry I heard about an author
who said that her book was “not so much
written as it was preached”. That line became
embedded in my heart!
The accumulation of the Lord’s details about
writing was growing. It was 1999 when He
clearly indicated that my first book would
be written from my 6-month personal daily
journal of discoveries I had made in the Song
of Songs. These journals would form A is
for Apple~Daily Delights from the Song of
Songs which was released in 2009. The book
launch was a major occasion highlighting
how various creative gifts can flow together
to bring ministry to the Body of Christ. An
artist’s beautiful painting was the cover of the
book and inside was a worship CD providing
a backdrop for each day’s devotional page.
That focus on complementary giftings was
further expressed by four additional authors
writing the daily responsive prayers. In 2012
there were two more books released. Hear
the Sound is a compilation of bi-weekly
“sends” which now go out to over 2500
readers. [You can sign up to receive yours at
our website www.TwoSilverTrumpets.ca] This
book fulfills what the Lord said about the
“second stream”: the fig tree stream. The
emphasis here is on being connected with
Our God! Like Nathaniel we can discover this
gracious, intimate God who sees me under
the fig tree and then calls me to participate
with Him in “greater things”. Being connected
with Him is essential to being available to
Him!
Last to be released is Chosen ~ Conversations
of God with His Mighty Warrior. The setting is,
of course, Gideon. Like Gideon we can meet
5Talents Magazine

June 2013

5

ADVERTORIAL

Chosen
Conversations of God With His Mighty Warrior
Chosen shares the story of Gideon as you walk through the conversations
of God with His Mighty Warrior. Under an an oak tree the Lord encountered
His servant and removed his self-imposed disqualifications. Now the book
is ready and there’s a seat saved for you under that oak tree. Join Gideon
there as well as a host of other mighty warriors! He’s ready to begin His
conversation with you, His chosen servant. Listen closely. “The obedience
of God’s prepared servants will merge with the supernatural activity of God.”
Hear the Sound
Connecting by Heart
with our Living Lord

A Is For Apple: Daily
Delights from the Song
of Songs

Readers have requested
it...now the Lord is calling
it forth! Presenting over
45 of the prophetic
“sends” you’ve been
receiving...together in
book form for you! “Hear
the Sound” - These words
are contained within
the cover of Christine
Peterkin’s beautiful
painting: First Trumpet
Sound.

As you walk through
these 52 daily delights
from the Song of Songs
you will step into the
marvel of the Lord’s love
for us. He awakens us by
His love and then invites
us to arise and go with
Him into our destiny!
There is a place awaiting
you under the apple tree
with the Lover of Your
Soul!

To order your copy:

http://www.twosilvertrumpets.ca

our God under the oak tree. There He will
speak to us of our destiny and remove our selfimposed disqualifications. There is a special
link of this book to South Asia. I had met a
young seminary graduate in India with whom
I had a lively discussion about partnering
with our God. I made several references to
Gideon. Finally the young man interrupted
me: “Where can I get this book?” I replied
that I had to return to Canada and write it!
That conversation was always before me as
I was writing Gideon. It truly is a book not
so much written as it was preached. I drew
heavily upon my notes used when preaching
about Gideon in many diverse settings. The
book is dedicated to the “ Gideons” whom the
Lord is raising up in this generation. I’ve met
6

5Talents Magazine

June 2013

them! They are out there! They will partner
with Him and their obedience will merge with
the supernatural activity of God.
The books are now in their first, second
and third printings and two printings are
circulating in South Asia. Reader responses
have confirmed that the Lord desired that the
matters of His heart released from the pulpit
would also be “heard” through my pen. Is the
writing assignment completed? Likely not!
Each of the three streams of which the Lord
spoke has now been opened. It is predictable
that He’s preparing more to be released
through my ready pen. The anointing can
flow from the pulpit. I can certainly now testify
that the anointing can also flow from the pen.
w w w . 5 Ta l e n t s . i n

Olive Learning Center
Answer to the Crisis in Education

F

or Becky and Sam Khumanthem, opening a
Christian School in Hyderabad was something
that was never in the plan but after living here
in Hyderabad for over 5 years, it became clear to
them that God had been preparing them to do
so. Olive Learning center was dedicated in 2013.
OLC is a Christian School using the Accelerated
Christian Education, also known as School of
Tomorrow program.
Becky and Sam want to impact churches and
individuals to start Christian schools using the
A.C.E. Program, through the Olive Learning Center.
Many children and homes will be blessed. The
A.C.E. program is not simply a curriculum which
schools use, but it also comes with a system,
manuals which schools follow to make the
individual learning most successful. The
academic curriculum is anchored in
the Word of God; character training
is infused in the curriculum at every
age level; each unique student’s
potential is maximized, and utilizes
computer technology.
The school’s name, “Olive Learning
Center” was inspired by Psa. 128:3:
God’s promise to those who fear Him
“...your children will be like Olive
shoots around your table.”
It is our desire to see our children and students
abundantly blessed, having the energy and
promise to become great leaders of their
generations, bringing glory to God. That is why we
are committed to building lives for the future.”
Becky’s association with Accelerated Christian
Education dated back in 2004 when she was a
University student working part-time at a Church
School in Japan. Later in 2006, she attended an
A.C.E. Professional Training in Yokohama, Japan.
This was where God planted in her heart the
seed for a Christian Education ministry. After her
University studies, she worked for a year in a Model
school using the A.C.E. program in Japan. Later, in
2008, she returned to India and got married to Sam

Khumanthem. Since then, she has been working
as India Consultant for A.C.E. assisting school start,
conducting professional trainings, school visits,
promoting A.C.E. in India.
Sam Khumanthem was in Mumbai before
moving to Hyderabad. He worked at an MNC as
a communication specialist.. After his marriage
to Becky, they both decided to settle down in
Hyderabad as they thought it was a peaceful city
compared to the rest of the other Indian metros.
After moving to Hyderabad, Sam continued to
work for of firms doing similar roles until April 2012.
Even though it became clear that God is leading
them to open a Christian school at some
point, nothing really happened until
April 2012. Sam lost his job and God
shut all doors for him. He did not
get another job until November
2012. It was in these 7 months that
God spoke to Sam in a profound
manner. Life is not about you
and what you do for yourself, but
about God and what you do for
Him. It is not about the place you
want to go to and do God’s work
there, but it is about where God
places you to do His work.
In November 2012, they were invited to attend
“2012 China Christian Educators’ Convention.”
This event and what they saw there made them to
see Christian Education in a deeper perspective. It
became clear to them that it was indeed the will of
God for them to start a school. Sam was to join a
job in a PR firm that month, but he decided not to.
He made a commitment to be in full-time Christian
ministry.
We have been experiencing God’s miraculous
providence in many ways. Without the fervent
prayers and generous gifts of God’s people, we
would not have come this far. OLC is a God given
vision, we are confident that He who has begun a
good work... until the day of Jesus Christ (Phil 1:6).
We give God, all the Glory and Honor!” Amen.
5Talents Magazine

June 2013

7

Tears of the Bride is priced at Rs 275 + Rs 25 postal charges. Cheques in favor
of “Berean Bay Media House Pvt Ltd”. The book is also available on Amazon
Kindle at http://www.amazon.com/dp/B00D7CCWBI.
Email tearsofthebride@gmail.com or call 9880174153 for more details.
Postal Address: 001 Geobirds Manor, 2 Cline Road, Cooke Town, Bangalore 560005
8

5Talents Magazine

June 2013

w w w . 5 Ta l e n t s . i n

ADVERTORIAL

Together can we turn the tears
into smiles? By Ingrid Albuquerque-Solomon

T

ears of the Bride – What the Bridegroom
would like His Church in India to be by bestselling author Ingrid Albuquerque-Solomon is
a must-read book for every church-going Christian
in India, and here’s the reason why…

What do you expect when you go to Church? Do
you get it? If you don’t what do you do about it?
Are pastors and priests aware of what is transpiring
in the hearts of congregation members, and if yes,
do they meet those deep needs? Do church-goers
know the problems that erupt on the other side
In a world badly torn asunder, the sharpest cut is the of the pulpit and behind the closed doors of the
rent in the veil of the bride of Christ. On one hand, rectory? Why is the Church in India considered by
there are the promises of God. On the other, is the Governmental authorities to be one of the most
frailty of the human situation. And the body that is corrupt organizations and what should we as
meant to hold the two together, the church, is itself Christians do about the number of scams that have
under attack. What happens when the physician rocked several parts of the body of Christ.
ails; who to turn to when the guiding hand is itself
caught in the jar of human weaknesses; how to Churches in the eye of the storm speak out for
tame a flock that is brazen about it’s shepherd’s the first time as do pastors, priests and unhappy
staff? Can God-appointed heads reveal hearts with congregation members. The objective of the book
darkness? And how flawed are the pastor’s people is implicitly evident in and between the lines of
themselves, as they heap hurt and humiliation on every chapter: “To make hurting pastors, priests
those who have fed them and led them? Who is and disillusioned congregation members to forgive
wrong? And more importantly, can we set it right? one another thereafter view each other with
empathy, sensitivity, compassion and tolerance.”
That is what I have tried to do in “Tears of the Bride”,
the latest release of Berean Bay Media House. I had In Ephesians 1:10 Paul says that the end time
started out on the journey optimistically enough. purpose of God is for Christ to assume headship
Asia Theological Association (ATA) had invited 16 of a united church in preparation for his headship
writers who would write books for pastors in their over the universe. It’s there in black and white: the
country to a writers’ retreat in Malaysia. I discerned Second Coming will not take place until the Church
it to be God’s Will for me to take on the project is united. Do we
when it turned out that I was one of the 16 selected. want Jesus to come
again or not?
Pastors, priests, Protestants, Catholics, congregationmembers and churches (especially those in the eye of ‘Tears of the Bride’
the storm) from all around India, have been brought is a valiant effort in
to the foot of the altar, each side has been examined that direction.
in detail, leaving no stone unturned in the pathway
of the Chief Cornerstone.
5Talents Magazine

June 2013

9

LIVES TRANSFORMED AT
PAT FRANCIS’ KINGDOM
ENFORCERS 11th CONFERENCE
“Rule Your World Spiritually, Personally, Financially and Socially”

O

n May 19th, 2013, the Kingdom Enforcers
Conference (KEC) 2013 hosted at the home
office of Pat Francis Ministries ended, but
the impact lives on as echoed by the over 2, 000
delegates. The atmosphere was charged and over
the four days, the delegates received practical training
and powerful teaching from dynamic speakers such
as Dr. Pat Francis, Dr. Bill Winston, Dr. James Goll,
Dr. Bill Hammon, Dr. Ian Lovell and Eddison Doyle.
Delegates now have a better understanding of the
their authority to enforce and influence the kingdom
in 12 areas -- family, church, media, law, sports,
arts & entertainment, health, education, business,
peace and law enforcement, community services &
government.

Francis, conference host. “Our delegates came from
Asia, Africa, Europe, North America, South America
and the Caribbean―all in one accord―wanting
to receive a fresh word and new strategies so that
they too can transform their circles of influence and
ultimately their nations.”

“Since being back at my church I have noticed a
marked rise in the level of spiritual breakthrough in
the church: Our numbers have been up since my
return in all 3 services. We just water baptized 14
new people this weekend; Prayer meetings have
been very powerful; Our preaching has gone to a
new level; I feel much more boldness and power in
my ministry; Our leaders are excited and passionate
about our last vision casting meeting; And there is
a visible increase in the tone of people’s spirituality
overall,” an overwhelmed Dr. Steven Lynne of
Edmonton, Alberta.

A vibrant marketplace expo showcased products from
Christian business owners, while new partnerships
and business opportunities were forged at the sold
out networking business forum. Plans for KEC 2014
conference includes securing a larger conference
room to include the ever increasing demand for this
session, where the potential for networking, new
business opportunities and international expansion
is phenomenal.

The delegates from across the continents, came
with great expectancy, and the speakers never
disappointed as they imparted biblical and practical
applications for Ruling Your World Spiritual, Personally,
Financially and Socially―the theme and mandate of
this year’s conference.

Dr. Francis hinted that because of this year’s success,
the theme “Rule you world, spiritually, personally,
financially and socially” will also be used for the 2014
KEC, with teachings on “Created for Glory.”
Each speaker outlined practical applications that
delegates could personalize to enrich their spiritual
maturity, personal development, financial wisdom
and social responsibility.

Event manager Cheryl-Ann Phillip said that the
Marketplace Expo was a huge success. “The
exhibitors developed relationships with each other;
they engaged the delegates and several have
already committed to participating again next year.
It was a win-win for all,” she further commented. We
will advise delegates to register early to secure a
reservation to attend the business luncheon in 2014.

The feedback confirmed that lives were transformed
and the mandate fulfilled by the many revelatory
teachings and opportunities packed into the 2013
KEC experience.

“The spirit of hospitality and excellence demonstrated
at Kingdom Covenant Ministries is second to none!
We felt welcome, we felt loved, we felt at home! We
will be back next year if not sooner.” said Bishop Tony
Russell of Detroit Michigan, USA.

“This was not just a conference for “information” but
for revelation, impartation, new opportunities with a
challenge for the greater you for our Awesome God. It
was an “experience” and only eternity will tell the lives
and societies that were greatly impacted, said Dr. Pat

In addition to live streaming, the sessions were
recorded; including Dr. Francis’ powerful new
teaching on the “Moses’ Anointing”, for those who
missed the opportunity to be there, and are available
for purchase at www.patfrancis.org.

10

5Talents Magazine

June 2013

w w w . 5 Ta l e n t s . i n

ADVERTORIAL

OM Books is a leading distributor of Christian literature in Asia. It has 28
retail outlets in the major cities across India. OM Books is the distributor of
several major international publishers. Wide range of our literatures includes
Bibles, reference books, books for youth and children, books on leadership
and management, family life and so on. Books are available in English and
other Indian languages.
OM Books supplies its products to over 300 retailers in India and other
South Asian countries.
Products are also available on our online retail store www.christianstore.in
Authentic Media is the publishing division of OM Books that involve in publishing books and producing music albums, movies and gift articles.
OM Books is in association with Biblica International the publisher of New
International Version, the most popular version of the Bible today.

hansie

a

true

story

How Do You Start Over Once You’ve Betrayed
A Nation’s Trust
Hansie is a movie based on the true story
of cricketer Hansie Cronje. “How do you
start over once you have betrayed a
nation’s trust?” The news of Hansie Cronjé’s
involvement with Indian bookmakers and
his resulting public confession rocked
the international sporting community. An
unprecedented rise to glory was followed
by the most horrific fall. A tarnished hero
fueled the nation’s fury. Hansie, once South
African cricket’s golden boy, had been
stripped of everything he had held dear:
a glorious captaincy, the support of his
former team mates and the respect of a
nation. In its place the stinging rejection of
cricket administrators and the humiliating
dissection of his life on international
television, made his retreat into depression
inevitable. Hansie’s bravest moment in finally
confessing his involvement with bookies had
suddenly become a tightening noose around
his neck.

Price 229.00

Genre Movies

Buy online

www.christianstore.in

BIBLES
VOICE BIBLE, THE
Step into the Story of Scripture
The Voice™ is a faithful dynamic equivalent translation that reads like a story with
all the truth and wisdom of God’s Word. Through compelling narratives, poetry, and
teaching, The Voice invites readers to enter into the whole story of God, enabling
them to hear God speaking and to experience His presence in their lives. Through a
collaboration of nearly 120 biblical scholars, pastors, writers, musicians, poets, and
artists, The Voice recaptures the passion, grit, humor, and beauty that is often lost
in the translation process. The result is a retelling of the story of the Bible in a form
as fluid as modern literary works yet painstakingly true to the original manuscripts.
Price: 1,890.00

NKJV - HOLY BIBLE
COMPACT REF. EDT.
[BURGUNDY]

NKJV - HOLY BIBLE
COMPACT
[BLACK]

Also Available in (Black)

Also Available in (Burgundy)

Thomas Nelson’s
Compact Reference
Edition offers a complete
Bible that is amazingly
easy to carry! The
unique size makes this
Bible portable enough
to fit in a purse, suitcase,
backpack, briefcase or
even a pocket. A great
gift idea and perfect
travelling companion for
today’s busy Christian,
this Compact Edition
of the Holy Bible allows
you to explore and
share God’s Word no
matter where you go.

Thomas Nelson’s
Compact Reference
Edition offers a complete
Bible that is amazingly
easy to carry! The
unique size makes this
Bible portable enough
to fit in a purse, suitcase,
backpack, briefcase or
even a pocket. A great
gift idea and perfect
travelling companion for
today’s busy Christian,
this Compact Edition
of the Holy Bible allows
you to explore and
share God’s Word no
matter where you go.

Price : 1200.00

Buy online

Price : 940.00

www.christianstore.in

NKJV - BABY’S FIRST
BIBLE
Give the Baby’s First
Bible for baptisms,
christenings, or as
a baby shower gift.
You can make it extra
special by pesonalizing
the presentation and
milestone pages.
Receive God’s promises
as you follow the
captivating critters on
the artistically designed
pages. The convenient
size of this New King
James version makes it
ideal for use at home, at
church, or travelling.

Price : 945.00

NKJV - HOLY BIBLE
CCMP. REF. EDT.SNAP
FLAP [BLACK]

NKJV - HOLY BIBLE
CCMP. REF. EDT.SNAP
FLAP [BLACK]

Also Available in (Burgundy)

Also Available in (Black)

Thomas Nelson’s
Compact Reference
Edition offers a complete
Bible that is amazingly
easy to carry! The
unique size makes this
Bible portable enough
to fit in a purse, suitcase,
backpack, briefcase or
even a pocket. A great
gift idea and perfect
travelling companion for
today’s busy Christian,
this Compact Edition
of the Holy Bible allows
you to explore and
share God’s Word no
matter where you go.

Thomas Nelson’s
Compact Reference
Edition offers a complete
Bible that is amazingly
easy to carry! The
unique size makes this
Bible portable enough
to fit in a purse, suitcase,
backpack, briefcase or
even a pocket. A great
gift idea and perfect
travelling companion for
today’s busy Christian,
this Compact Edition
of the Holy Bible allows
you to explore and
share God’s Word no
matter where you go.

Price : 1300.00

Price : 1300.00

Father’s Day
16th June

COURAGEOUS
Honor Begins at Home
Four men, one calling: To serve and protect. As law enforcement officers, Adam
Mitchell, Nathan Hayes, David Thomson, and Shane Fuller are confident and focused.
Yet at the end of the day, they face a challenge that none of them are truly prepared
to tackle: fatherhood. While they consistently give their best on the job, good enough
seems to be all they can muster as dads. But they’re quickly discovering that their
standard is missing the mark. When tragedy hits home, these men are left wrestling
with their hopes, their fears, their faith, and their fathering. Can a newfound urgency
help these dads draw closer to God ... and to their children? Protecting the streets
is second nature to these men. Raising their children in a God-honoring way? That’s
Courageous.
Price: 199.00

14 SECRETS TO
BETTER PARENTING
By Bave Earley
Wondering how to raise
great kids? Turn to the
Bible’s book of Proverbs
for guidance—that’s
where author Dave
Earley found many of
his 14 Secrets to Better
Parenting. From “Focus
on Training” to “When
You Have No Other
Option, Keep Praying!”,
these principles will
help you create the kind
of home environment
conducive to raising
successful children.

Price : 280.00

NEVER WALK AWAY

Lessons on Integrity from a
Father Who Lived It

By Crawford Loritts Jr

You have everything
you need to be the best
dad: the knowledge of
what is right and the
conviction to act upon
that understanding. What
you do and say will leave
lasting impressions about
character, integrity, and
faith upon your children.
Don’t you want that
impression to be a good
one?
Crawford Loritts’ godly
father was a source of
family solidarity and a
blessing to his children.
Learn from his example
how one ordinary
man can exhibit an
extraordinary, timeless
love that fosters intimate,
lasting father-child
relationships.

Price : 565.00

PREPARING FOR
ADOLESCENCE
How to Survive the Coming
Years of Change
By James Dobson Dr

7 SECRETS OF EFFECTIVE
FATHERS, THE
Becoming the Father Your
Children Need
By Ken Canfield

In this revised and
updated version of
How to really love your
adult Child, Dr. Gary
Chapman’s and Dr. Ross
Campbell’s message
will help today’s parents
explore how to really
love their adult child in
today’s changing world.
The book includes brief
sidebars from parents of
adult children and adult
children themselves with
their own stories. An
online study guide will
also be available.

Talking to your children about
sensitive topics is never
easy. And yet, what parent
wouldn’t want his or her child
to go into the teen years
confident and wise to the
challenges of adolescence
and beyond? Your children
are depending on you to get
the information they need
and want to face the coming
years of change. How do
you begin? Dr. Dobson, a
leading family psychologist,
knows how to speak directly
and sincerely to youth about
the topics that concern them
the most. Now, in this classic
best-seller, you’ll find all you
need to meet the changes
and challenges of growing in
the new millennium.

You can’t get certified, to
become a master tradesman,
or a degree in it, but it is the
most important job you will
ever have—being a dad.
There are a hundred things
you could try to do, but there
is no way you can do all of
them. What things are really
important?

Price : 109.00

Price : 99.00

HOW TO REALLY LOVE
YOUR AUDULT CHILD
Building a Healthy Realationship in a
Changing World

By Ross Campbell Dr,
Gary Chapman Dr

Buy online

This book doesn’t overwhelm
you with a hundred things
you have to do. It gives you
only seven things that you
need to know and do. The
important things - You can
understand the secrets. You
can do them. You can raise
healthy, happy, good kids.
Price : 575.00

www.christianstore.in
13

Authentic Giftline
Buy online

www.christianstore.in

LORD’S PRAYER
LORD’S PRAYER
Product Information
Price			
Type 			
Product Number
Category 		
Manufacturer 		
Usage 			
Language 		
Package 		
Weight 			
Dimension 		

475.00
Wall Hanging
GFH0002
Bible Themes
Authentic India
General Interest
English
Lamination Board
1500gms
635x385x38

MAKE A JOYFUL NOISE... [RED]
Presents a collection of uniquely
designed mugs with inspiring
Bible verses. It will be an added
attraction in homes and offices.
A mug has a message to convey
to you and your guests.
Coffee Mug
Price 475.00
FOR GOD SO LOVE THE WORLD
John 3:16
Wall Hanging

Price 475.00

RUN THE RACE
T-Shirt (Red)

(Available in Sizes S,M,,L,XL)

O LORD THOU
Wall Hanging

Price 260.00

Price 230.00

RUN THE RACE
T-Shirt (Blue)

(Available in Sizes S,M,,L,XL)
(Also Available in Colors: Grey
Melange, Military Green, Dark
Orange

Price 585.00

• Aizawl 0389-2348688 • Bangalore 080-25432850 • Chennai 044-26420816
• Coimbatore 0422-2524644 • Dehradun 0135-2710643 • Dimapur 03862-229370
• Goa 0832-2422908 • Guwahati 0361-2732098 • Hyderabad (OM Campus) 04027872145 • Hyderabad (City) 040-27800778 • Imphal 0385-2423398 • Kochi 04842396333 • Kolkata 033-22265260 • Kottayam 0481-2582333 • Mumbai 022-24319314
• New Delhi 011-23364670 • Pune 020-26050825 • Shillong 0364-2228232
• Trichy 0431-2792005 • Trivandrum 0471-2533338 • Tura(Meghalaya)03651-224618
• Vellore0416-2235151 • Visakhapatanam 0891-2567544
For more information and trade enquiries:
OM Books, Logos Bhavan, Medchal Road, Suchithra
Junction, Secunderabad – 500 067, A.P, Phone 040 – 40307500 email: marketing@ombooks.org

ADVERTORIAL

CHAI Turns Seventy...

Rev Dr Tomi Thomas, IMS

S

tarting as the Catholic Hospital Association
(CHA) by Sr Mary Glowrey in 29 July,
1943, providing curative care to people,
especially to the poor, women and children,
the organization slowly got transformed into
a Health Association.
In 1993, at the Golden Jubilee celebration, the
Catholic Health Association of India (CHAI)
adopted: “Health for many more by many
more” as its goal. All through its journey, the
organization has taken care to make itself
relevant according to the changing health
situations. The Diamond Jubilee celebration in
2003 was a memorable occasion which gave
the organization an opportunity to understand
its strengths and weaknesses, successes
and failures, and proceed accordingly. And,
“Universal Access to Health for All” became
its goal.

CHAI has an expansive base of 3,351 Member
Institutions (MIs), including large, medium as
well as small hospitals, health centres, and
diocesan social service societies. Its massive
network has 11 Regional Units, 1000 sisterdoctors, 25000 sister-nurses and 10,000 plus
para professionals. There are 114 hospitals
having 100 to 1700 beds. About 2000 of
CHAI’s MIs in rural areas take care of over 100
million people. 21 million people visit CHAI’s
member institutions for curative services.

Over the years, CHAI has been focusing its
attention on four major areas -- Community
Health, Communicable Diseases, Advocacy
and Disaster Management. Scores of
programmes and projects have been launched
in these areas, alone and in partnership with
various organizations-governmental and nongovernmental. Non-communicable diseases,
care of the elderly, and mental health are the
Promotion of community health continues
to be our main thrust. Capacity-building has major areas to be focused in future.
been given more emphasis. Providing human
resource development skills to our members The author is Director-General, Catholic
has been our major activity. This includes Health Association of India, 157/6 Staff Road,
promotion of alternative systems of medicine, Gunrock Enclave, Secunderabad, Andhra
wholistic approach to psychospiritual Pradesh, India, 500 009
aspects of health and prevention, control of
communicable diseases such as tuberculosis, Phone: +91-40-27848457, 91-4027848293;
malaria and HIV/AIDS, and providing relief to Email: directorgeneral@chai-india.org
disaster victims.
5Talents Magazine

June 2013

15

It’s all about the process.
By George Powell

S

everal years ago I achieve a huge goal I had
set for myself, the goal of earning a doctorate
degree by the time I was 40 years old. I only
missed it by one year but that one year was
a killer and it was the last step in the process that
nearly did me in . . . writing my dissertation.
For some people that might not be a big deal
but for me, it was a gut wrenching experience,
because I’m not the brainy type. I even suggested
to the Dean of Students to let me go back and
repeat the previous 5 years of study in lieu of the
dissertation.
Without a moments hesitation he responded,
“George, it’s all about the process.”
What he was suggesting to me was it was not the
dissertation that really mattered, but the process
I would go through to complete the dissertation.
Easy for him to say! So I engaged in the process
and I must say it taught me a lot. It taught me
about persistence and discipline, what I was really
made of, and not giving up when everything in
me wanted to throw in the towel.
Leadership is the same way. It’s all about the
process.
No one ever became a leader in a day . . . a month
. . . or even years. Why? Because leadership isn’t
about a destination . . . it is about the process.
Leadership isn’t a place you arrive at; it is a
process you engage in and that takes place over
a long period of time . . . even a lifetime!
It doesn’t happen just by reading a book, going
to a class, or attending a seminar. We have to

16

5Talents Magazine

June 2013

continue learning, growing, applying, adjusting,
re-adjusting and many are not willing to take the
journey.
There is nothing simple about leadership except
it’s definition . . . leadership is influence, nothing
more, nothing less. Beyond that it gets pretty
complicated. It involves earning respect, gaining
influence, developing emotional strength,
learning people skills, becoming disciplined,
learning to cast vision, effectively delegating – the
list goes on and on. That’s why leaders require
so much seasoning to be truly good leaders. It’s
about the process!
So if you are going to be a great leader you
need what I call the “X” Factor: Exposure and
Experience – and these only come with time.
So to you young aspiring leaders out there . . .
don’t rush the process. Remember leadership is
a journey, not a destination.
To you more seasoned leaders . . . don’t deceive
yourselves into thinking you’ve arrived. We all
have room to grow. In fact, the greatest gap that
exists today is the gap between what we know
and what we do. So stay engaged in the process.
Here are 4 principles to remember.
• Success is found in your daily agenda. What am
I doing every day that helps me grow in my quest
to be a better leader?
Ask yourself the following questions: What should I
stop doing? In other words, what am I doing every
day that I don’t need to do or shouldn’t be doing?
w w w . 5 Ta l e n t s . i n

ADVERTisement

• Take the time to learn and develop your
leadership skills. Skills like time management,
delegation, vision casting, people and
communication skills.
• Put yourself in positions where you can gain
experience. Step out of your comfort zone and
intentionally put yourself in situations that will
stretch you and around people who will challenge
you.
• Evaluate your experiences. You’ve heard that
experience is the best teacher. That’s not necessarily
true. We’ve all known people who have had lots of
experiences, but still haven’t grown in their ability
to lead.
Evaluated experience is the best teacher. So
take time to evaluate and ask yourself questions
like: What did I learn? What could I have done
differently? How will I handle that differently next
time?
So don’t get discouraged in your leadership. If
you’re not where you think you ought to be or not
as far along as you had hoped, always remember,
leadership is a process!
See you on the journey.

Business Seva is committed to Business as Mission,
creating and supporting sustainable businesses
with focus on elevating the marginalised, poverty
stricken by creating brand new jobs.

Co-sponsor of

Quality Academics
AND
Biblical Character?
You can receive BOTH?
All the things you want in
a school for your child!

•
•
•
•
•
•
•

Grade Levels KG – 12
Phonetics-Based Reading
Individualized Curriculum
Diagnostics Testing
Character Building
Biblical Principles
Computer Technology

June, 2013 issue

Business Seva, 2A, 2nd Floor, Lenaine Estate,
5 - 9 - 189, Opp. Chermas, Abids Road,
Hyderabad - 500 001, Andhra Pradesh, India.
Mobile: +91 9581444411, 9581444422,
E-mail: info@businessseva.com
URL: www.businessseva.com

For more information contact:
Olive Learning Center
139. A.P. Tect Book Colony,
Gunrock Enclave
+91 9912205111 / 8008889574
www.olivelearningcenter.org
info@olivelearningcenter.org
5Talents Magazine

June 2013

17

I

t was in 1960s, a group of people started selling
books and Bibles in the streets of Bombay (now
Mumbai). They displayed books on the streets
and corners, carried it in push carts through the
busy by lanes and market places. It was a team
from “Send The Light” (STL), a US based charity
organization involved in spreading Christian value
based literature. Thus began the humble journey
of what is now known as O.M Books, one of the
leading Christian literature distributors in the world.
Later, in 1970, STL opened a small bookshop in
Mumbai. Their main motto was to bring awareness
about Christian literature and also to improve the
readership potential among people thus aiming for
a transformation among the Christian community
and society at large. Books were mainly imported
and sold at a subsidised price during those days.
STL also encouraged indigenous authors and
publishers to bring forth more quality literature
by collaborating with various Christian agencies
though small in number.

and corner of our country. The team members
carried the literature, introduced it to people
wherever they went, may it be in train or bus or
truck or by visiting homes or market places, and
thus promoted this ministry to great extent. This
gave a great impetus to the growth of literature
ministry in India. During outreach programmes or
public gatherings, special book tables were set up.
People started buying books, recommending to
their friends, thus awakening the whole Christian
literature field.

In the next two decades, the distribution of literature
was taken over by Operation Mobilization teams
and they have enthusiastically carried on the
mission of spreading literature. Young boys and
girls who have joined this movement volunteered
in selling books through teams in every nook

From 1990 this literature movement has been
known as O.M Books. In the same year O. M
Books set up its headquarters in Hyderabad with
an administrative office and a huge warehouse
which can cater to all retail outlets as well as other
literature traders in the country.

18

5Talents Magazine

June 2013

w w w . 5 Ta l e n t s . i n

ADVERTORIAL

Realising this great potential of literature as an
agent of transformation-people, church and
community- O.M Books has established retail
book shops at different cities in India from 1990.
The first four major bookshops were opened in
Mumbai, Kolkata, Bangalore and Cochin. The
journey began and bookshops started spreading
to other major cities like Chennai, Shillong, Goa,
Pune, Delhi, Imphal, Vizag, Coimbatore, Dimapur,
Trivandrum etc. Now there are 30 bookshops
spread across the country.

writers and books all over the world. A translation
wing works under the publishing division where
many English books are translated and published
in various native languages whereby both rural
and urban population is reached.
Another interesting area is in the field of music. As
the new age people-young and old alike-enjoys
music, it caters to the music lovers by producing
series of CDs, VCDs, DVDs and Christian movies
from renowned producers in the world under the
banner “Authentic Music”.

OM Books has its trade division known as OM
Books Distribution cater to over 300 retailers in A comparatively recent entity in this ministry is
India and in other South Asian counties as well.
“Authentic Gift line” where numerous Christian gift
articles are produced and distributed.
E-tailing of OM Books was commenced in
2009. www.christianstore.in marked the entry O. M Books is the distributor of almost all major
of OM Books in online retailing of literature and publishers of Christian literature around the globe,
music. Today it is in the path of considerable viz., Zondervan, Baker, Intervarsity Press, Moody
advancement.
Publishers, Holman & Broadman, Hendrickson,
Tyndale, Thomas Nelson etc. The books published
In 2004, O.M Books associated itself with or distributed by OM Books include books for
“International Bible Society” which is now known all ages and situations, study books, theological
as “Biblica”, publisher of “New International books, books for children, youth, family, books
Version” (NIV), which is the most popular version on counselling, pastoral ministry, leadership &
of English Bible in the world today.
management, personality development etc.
The headquarters in Hyderabad is also the
birthplace of the publishing division of OM Books,
“Authentic Media India”. Authentic has published
over 1000 titles since then in English and in Indian
languages. Authentic publications include a large
number of titles by renowned authors published
in collaboration with International publishers to
distribute in Asia at affordable prices for the region.
Authentic also aims at promoting indigenous

The ministry of O. M Books keep on going by
deriving inspiration and motivation from the
ministry as Thomas A Kempis said “If he shall not
lose his reward who gives a cup of cold water to
his thirsty neighbour, what will not be the reward
of those who by putting books into the hands of
those neighbours, open to them the fountains of
eternal life?”
ADVERTisement

CHERISH YOUR HEALTH

IF

- IT IS GOOD, PRESERVE IT
- IT IS UNSTABLE, IMPROVE IT
- IT IS BEYOND WHAT YOU
CAN IMPROVE... GET HELP.

Professional Fitness Club

Ladies
only

5Talents
Magazine
June 2013
Chirag-Ali-Lane, Abids,
Hyderabad.
Tel 30608655,
939113412819

What God
Can Do with
Just a Few

T

he needs of a nation such as Sri Lanka are
vast and at times overwhelming. The country
has endured over 25 years of civil war and
now faces an uncertain future with many factors
still to be resolved. Where do you begin to
address the situation? Where does God start?
For SL4Given, the start was small but secured
well in committed relationships among less than
a dozen expats living in Toronto, Canada. This
group uniquely represents the two major ethnic
groups and non-Sri Lankans. They are business
people and ministers, and they are from various
denominations.

change for the group to express the centrality of
forgiveness as the premise for moving forward as
individuals and even as the nation.

But how can so few bring change to such an
extensive need? The Lord had a plan to use “a
few to do”...to do what only He could bring about.
Through a wonderful networking with major
ministries in Sri Lanka, the small SL4Given team
saw a major event unfold in January, 2012, in
Colombo, Sri Lanka, which drew together national
ministry networks, diverse geographic sections
of the nation, and most dramatically, the major
ethnic groups. That conference entitled “Freed to
Even in the early months of the developing Forgive” gave a solid statement of the scriptural
relationship, SL4Given was aware that while there definition of forgiveness. Individuals shared
are many needs facing the nation “back home” heart-wrenching stories of personal family loss
as well as among the 250,000 Sri Lankans in through the war and their own restoration. The
the Toronto area, the Lord was giving a specific common thread was “freed to forgive”. SL4Given
assignment. There are humanitarian needs, discovered how God can use “a few to do”... to
economic development, and justice issues; all of be a catalyst to see His work activated among so
these are acknowledged. But, for SL4Given, the many.
conviction was growing that the way forward to
the future must include reconciliation premised The current assignment of SL4Given includes
on forgiveness. This refined assignment became the preparation of a curriculum, “Journey to
obvious following a conference day held in Toronto Forgiveness”. Approximately 50 individuals in
in April, 2011. The speaker was a pastor from Toronto have been part of initial pilot groups
western Canada whose teenage son was shot and of the Bible-based studies. Testimonies are
killed in their local high school. He and his family accumulating of deep changes happening. A
had received a very special grace from God to June celebration night is planned for individuals
extend forgiveness to their son’s shooter...even as to share their stories. Leaders in Sri Lanka are
the funeral service was being telecast nationally looking to implement the curriculum...oh, what
from the school gym. The message of the power God can do with even just a few!
and potential and necessity of forgiveness rang
out loudly. Actually, that day marked even a name
www.SL4given.com
5Talents Magazine

June 2013

21

ADVERTisement

Jaya School
of Education
Jaya School of Education,
offers a range of
programs to students
of all age groups with
special emphasis on
skill development. We
conduct our programs
at schools, colleges and
have a huge network of
franchisees within India
and are exploring to
expand internationally.

Center for Skill
Development
EXPERT ABACUS

A whole brain development program (Age 5 to
13 yrs)

EXPERT MATHS

Specially designed for
High School (Age 14 yrs
and above)

EXPERT HANDWRITING

Handwriting Improvement program (Age 7yrs
& above)

Head Office: 2 & 3 A, 2nd Floor, Lenaine Estate, Abids Road, Hyderbad, India
Phone: +91 - 9966568500, +91-9246812148 Email: info@jayaschoolofeducation.com

23

5Talents Magazine

April 2013

w w w . 5 Ta l e n t s . i n

WATERLESS CAR WASH INTRODUCED FOR
THE FIRST TIME IN INDIA USING LATEST
BRAZILIAN TECHNOLOGY

sERVICES
- ZERO WATER
(Scratch-free shine and protection)
- POLISHING
- technical ENGINE CLEANING
- wAXING
- CLEANING THE AIR CONDITIONING
- cleaning the interior
- revitalization
- protective film

franchise required
DRY WASH, 1st Level Parking, Cinemax, Opp. L.V. Prasad, Banjara Hills, Hyderabad
Tel: 040 - 64643411, 040 - 64643412, E-mail: info@drywashindia.com

