Interview

Technology

Movie Review

Questions?

issue 6 March 2013

discovering talents for gods’ kingdom

ESTHER
SOUND OPERATOR

Loving the Law of God!
What does the Bible say about
interracial marriage?
Prayer is a privilege!

editorial

Perspectives
on persecution!!!
Recently I heard the attack on Christian community in Pakistan. Thousands
of angry protestors on March 9 set
ablaze more than 100 houses of Pakistani Christians over a blasphemy row
in the eastern city of Lahore.

We also learn the magnitude of
God’s strength to support us through
persecution.
Purifies our lives!
It snaps our attention away from
meaningless things and onto the Lord.
We’re driven into His arms by suffering.

I know, it is sad and distrubing. The Bible says Christians will suffers and persecuted in end times. I am not there in As we grow closer to Him- He’ll remind
the midst of them but I feel the situaus of wrong attitudes and actions.
tion. Let us see what Bible says about
it.
Some may be related to our trial and
others may not. Persecution is a powWe certainly don’t feel blessed when
erful cleansing tool.
we’re being insulted and persecuted.
But Jesus said in Matthew 5:11 that
Prepares us for greater service!
we, in fact, are blessed in those times! Suffering breaks our pride and self-reliance, attitudes that hinder our usefulThe Lord’s perspectives on persecuness for the Lord.
tion differs from ours.
Pride crumbles when we realize we’re
He considers it a positive thing if we
incapable of living the Christian life
suffer in His name.
alone, especially when we’ve been
insulted and hurt.
You may ask why persecution benefits
us.
A life of ease and pleasure isn’t always a sign of blessing.
PersecutionIf persecution proves our faith, purifies
Proves our faith!
our hearts, and prepares us for greatThe only way we can know the caer servicepacity of our faith is through testing.
- then we should thank the Lord for
the way He’ll use it in our life!
When we persevere through a trial,
we begin to understand our ability to
May God Bless you.
remain steadfast and obedient in the
midst of challenges.
Premasis Satman
Executive Director
2

5Talents Magazine

Table of Contents
cOVER FEATURE

Talent Search # 7

Featuring Esther, who has experiece sad times
in her life, but she discoved a hidden talent to
keep herself happy for the Lord. She became a
sound operator and manages all the events of
.................... 4
her Church.

Infographic

The Bible
A attempt of visual representation of
The Bible - a brief history.
......................................... 8

Heaven’s Door

Movie Review

Heaven’s Door appears to want to shed light on the
possibility of miracles, the importance of faith and
some hope in the hereafter. It also tries to show the
nobility of sacrificing in order to help others.

. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 20

Missionary Story
Elizabeth Fry - “angels of prisons”
An English prison reformer, social reformer and, as
a Quaker, a Christian philanthropist. She has been
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 16
referred to as the “angel of prisons”.

articles
Loving the Law of God! . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 10
What does the Bible say about interracial marriage? . . . . . . . . . . . . .12
- www.gotaquestions.org
Prayer is a privilege! . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 14
March 2013

3

esther

sound
operator

deepakshi SATMAN
Esther is a school drop-out student
but have the passion to do something for the Lord. She has went to
drepression due to her family and education distrubances. She was looking some opportunity to get peace in
her mind.
As a Christian girl she was attending
the youth fellowship meeting in her
Church and got to know more about
4

5Talents Magazine

Jesus. She tired to forget the present
status and seek how she can spend
more time for the Lord.
She found interest in Sound mangement and started learning the sound
equipments and later joined the
sound crew in her local Church.
Esther has redicovered her hidden
talent and using it for the Kindom.
Share it : www.5talents.in

5Talents: Hello Esther, Greetings from
5Talents, how are you?
Hello, I am doing well by the grace
of God. Thank you.
When and how did you come in faith
in Christ Jesus as your personal savior?
I have been born and bought up in
a Christian family and I was living a
normal life unlike other Christians. I
used to attend Sunday school when
I was child and gradually as I grew
older, I started attending Youth meeting where I go there to enjoy myself listening to the music and songs.

those days, I was in depression, anxiety and with lot of anger thinking why
God allowed me to be born in this
family? Why is this poverty with my
family? These sorts of questions were
troubling me and making me to depart from the Lord. As I quoted the
bible verse in the above paragraph,
God was so gracious and loving to me
in spite of my weaknesses, He spoke
to me through the same verse Jer 1:5
while the praise and worship was going on. God’s words were clear to my
conscience saying “I am here for you
and I will take care of your career”.

I have been actively participating
in choir singing, performing choreographies and also for interceding
prayers. But, I did not believe God
completely at that time. I was doing these all things only for my enjoyment with friends of mine in church
and to get good name amongst elders and my parents. As the word
of God says in Jeremiah 1:5 “Before
I formed you in the womb I knew
you, before you were born I set you
apart…” and so He knows me well
even though I didn’t believed Him.

At the end of the worship, I felt all
peace and joy in my heart. I forgot
about the questions which were troubling me and I came to know that I
was doing wrong till now by questioning God. Soon, I prayed to Lord to forgive me for my sins and accepted Him
as my personal savior and Lord. Oh, it
was the day of my salvation and I can
never forget that night what I have
encountered with my Lord Jesus.

It was one fine day I was in the youth
meeting singing songs and worshipping Lord with a burdened heart. I
was worried about my career as I hail
from a middle class family and I have
got three younger sisters to look after
as my parents are uneducated and
they are daily wage workers. It was
hard for my parents to educate four
of us in English medium schools and
hence three of us including me studied in a Government Telugu medium.
Only my fourth sister was able to get
education in English private school. In

I was selected for choir singing in my
church and also I was in the choreography team for programs carried
out in church. I personally know tailoring work and I can stitch designer
dresses and blouses effectively. These
are few talents which I have discovered that God has given me to glorify His name and to equip me in the
society. Apart from this, I had interest towards sound operating mixer
which was in our church and operated by one of our youth member.

5Talents: What are the talents you discovered to use it for the kingdom of Lord?

March 2013

5

session, there was a minor mistake
while operating the mixer. Soon, one
of the senior members of crew yelled
at me directly from the stage without even noticing about the people
around. I felt so bad and hurt inside
and was disappointed by the act. I
left the place immediately and didn’t
talk to the person for almost a week.

One day, there was an announcement in our church regarding the
need of Sound operating Technician
and soon my heart overwhelmed with
joy as I also can give my concern that
I have interest towards learning the
operating of sound mixer. But, I was
afraid too thinking that “Can I do it,
as I don’t have knowledge regarding the sound operating earlier.” I
prayed to God asking His will in my life
and I was encouraged by the bible
verse Philippians 4:13 “I can do all this
through Him who gives me strength.”
With no second thought or even
doubt, I gave my name to learn and
operate the mixer. Today, I thank and
praise God for enabling me to operate the 16 channel mixer in my church
and that too I am the only female
sound operating technician in the
crew. I strongly believe that this is one
of the greatest talents I have been
gifted by God to use for His kingdom.

The next day when I was meditating
His word in my quite time, God spoke
to me through the scripture portion I
was reading Matthew 23:12 “For whoever exalts himself will be humbled
and whoever humbles himself will be
exalted.” The lesson I was taught by
the Lord from that situation was to be
patient, humble and to have a willing heart to listen to the corrections
when something goes wrong in life.
5Talents: What would you say to
someone who says “I am not very
talented; How could God use me?”
My dear friends, I would like you to
go through the bible verse Jeremiah
1:5 which says “Before I formed you
in the womb I knew you, before you
were born, I set you apart…” This
clearly states that God has planted
a seed of talent in every individual
before we could born on this earth
and has made us apart to be unique
piece to be used for His kingdom. I encourage you my friend to be patient
enough to know His will and to discover the talent He has planted in you.

The only thing you and I need
5Talents: What important lessons has to do is to submit ourselves to
the Lord taught you through your talent? Him, trust Him completely and
He will use us for His glory. Amen!
As I was operating the mixer in Sunday service during the praise worship
6

5Talents Magazine

Share it : www.5talents.in

VENUE:
Ontario, Canada

For Registration please contact @ Hyderabad phone: 09700822149
March 2013

7

March 2013

9

Loving the Law of God!
When a normal life will not do, what
then? Do you have such a passion for
the Lord that it calls you to more? That
calls you to love the Lord your God
with all your heart, mind, and soul? If
the answer is yes, then how do we do
it? The fact is friends no one sets out
to fail in their walk with the Lord. But
how do we settle for less when God
wants more for us? To be victorious
in all of life? What kind of a commitment is God seeking from us, to make
this possible, or better said, a blameless life that always pleases God?
The answer is; dedication to a heart
of truth. Have you ever heard this line
before, “well you know I’m not perfect?” This seems to be a constant
theme when we have a stronghold in
our lives that we will not break on the
Word of Christ for the sake of our comfort, so we say this line to ourselves,
10

5Talents Magazine

and use this to kick the can of responsibility down the road, and say we will
deal with it some other time; or “that
Jesus is ok with little sins because we
are not perfect.” But if we look on the
long scale of life we look back and
say, “if only I would have dealt with
that sin 10 years ago I would not be
where I am today, and instead of
being free I am now in bondage to
something that the Lord warned me
about.”
So the question remains, how do we
live a blameless life? The journey begins by looking in your heart and being honest with yourself and be willing
to see the goal is a lifetime of pursuit.
Why do we see it as a hard thing to
do instead of see it as it truly is? Because we truly have not seen the
beauty of a heart that is dedicated
and committed to loving Gods law
Share it : www.5talents.in

and his commands. No one sets out
to lose in life but to succeed, so then
why do you fail in life? Because your
heart is not in the right place, look at
King David: before he was king, he
was a youth, a poet and a shepherd.
But his heart was mediating on the
laws of God day and night and, the
Lord raised him up to bring glory and
honor to his name.
Look at the benefits from loving the
Law of God which brings favor to
you. Joshua 1 v 8, Do not let this book
of the law depart from your mouth;
mediate on it day and night, so that
you may be careful to do everything
in it. Then you will be prosperous and
successful. WOW! Now let’s see how
to do it, turn with me to 1 Kings 8 v 2266. WOW!!!! Do we see friends how we
can turn all this around? See yourself
as this temple; dedicated to glorifying the Lord Jesus Christ for his glory
and you will be successful in all you
do! Note: at the end of this chapter they brought offerings and sacrifices to God, and guess what? the
Lord gave them success on all sides,
peace and prosperity, because they
had obeyed the Lord. He even gave
them great wisdom, because that is
where the beginning of all wisdom
comes from.
That is where the joy of the Lord
comes from dear ones, in obedience
to him and his laws. How many people know happy Christians in bond-

age and sin? Exactly! Friends when
you finally get a hold of all of the
Word of God and don’t let teachings
of men, or denominations of power,
or organizations of corrupt rules guide
you, and you look to the one who is
the Living God, the Christ, then all
other things will pass away, and you
will be a tree that has been planted
by living water, being able to do the
good works that God has prepared
for you to do in advance. Start seeing yourself as the temple of the living
God, and start celebrating your heart
to him, and you will be a living a life
of sacrifice and praise, you will come
into John 17 faith.
The greatest truth is yet to be shown. In
1st Kings 9 v 1-3, the Lord appeared to
Solomon a second time; this is beauty
at it’s finest, Jesus will appear to you
in your life, just dedicate your heart
to him and he will appear to you and
grant the desires of your heart. Brethren this is the time that I write to you
and extend my best wishes this week,
serve the Lord with confidence, let
him empower you, let him define you,
and you will be successful in all you
put to your hands, because you have
done well good and faithful servant.
My love is with you, until next week,
let’s bring him sacrifices and offerings
worthy of his name not with material
things but with the heart.
Be blessed, in Jesus Name we pray
Amen.

March 2013

11

What does the
Bible say about
interracial
marriage?
12

5Talents Magazine

Share it : www.5talents.in

The Old Testament Law commanded the Israelites not to engage in interracial marriage
(Deuteronomy 7:3-4). “Do not intermarry with them. Do not give
your daughters to their sons or take
their daughters for your sons, for
they will turn your children away
from following me to serve other
gods, and the Lord’s anger will
burn against you and will quickly
destroy you.”
However, the reason for this was
not primarily racial in nature.
Rather, it was religious. The reason God commanded against interracial marriage was that people of other races were idolaters
and worshippers of false gods.
The Israelites would be led astray
from God if they intermarried with
idol worshippers, pagans, or heathens. A similar principle is laid out
in the New Testament, but at a
much different level:
“Do not be yoked together with
unbelievers. For what do righteousness and wickedness have
in common? Or what fellowship
can light have with darkness?”
(2 Corinthians 6:14).
Just as the Israelites (believers in
the one true God) were commanded not to marry idolaters,
so Christians (believers in the one
true God) are commanded not
to marry unbelievers. To answer
this question specifically, no, the

Bible does not say that interracial
marriage is wrong.
As Martin Luther King noted, a
person should be judged by his or
her character, not by skin color.
There is no place in the life of the
Christian for favoritism based on
race (James 2:1-10). When selecting a mate, a Christian should
always first find out if the potential spouse is born again by faith
in Jesus Christ (John 3:3-5). Faith in
Christ, not skin color, is the biblical
standard for choosing a spouse.
Interracial marriage is not a matter of right or wrong, but of wisdom, discernment, and prayer.
The only reason interracial marriage should be considered carefully is the difficulties a mixed-race
couple may experience because
of others who have a hard time
accepting them. Many interracial
couples experience discrimination and ridicule, sometimes even
from their own families. Some interracial couples experience difficulties when their children have skin
tones of different shades from the
parents and/or siblings. An interracial couple needs to take these
things into consideration and be
prepared for them, should they
decide to marry. Again, though,
the only biblical restriction placed
on whom a Christian may marry
is whether the other person is a
member of the body of Christ.

March 2013

13

Prayer is a
privilege!

It’s really encouraging to have a God you can pray
to- anytime, anywhere, for any reason.
But- prayer can become meaningless and ineffective
when we take it for granted.
14

5Talents Magazine

Share it : www.5talents.in

You’d prepare yourself; you’d be What attitude do you bring before
respectful and thoughtful and take God? Do you take Him for granted
it very seriously.
and treat prayer like a nice way to
get something good? Or is it serious
Prayer is conversation with God.
business for you?
But don’t forget who God is.
Jesus told a story about two men
“For the LORD your God is God of praying in the temple.
gods and Lord of lords, the great,
the mighty, and the awesome Read Luke 18:9-14; then describe
God.” Deuteronomy 10:17.
the prayers of these two men.
When you come into His presence, What’s the attitude of each heart?
remember that:
Which one was more pleasing to
God? Which prayer sounds more
“Splendor and majesty are before like yours?
him; strength and beauty are in his
sanctuary.” Psalm 96:6.
Don’t be afraid to come to God in
prayer. But don’t take Him lightly.
That’s nothing to be taken lightly.
Prayer is a privilege we enjoyHowever, don’t be afraid to come - because Jesus died to give us a
before God.
relationship with God the Father.
Hebrews 4:16 says “ Let us then
with confidence draw near to the
throne of grace, that we may receive mercy and find grace to help
in time of need.”

Because of Jesus, 1 John 5:14-15
says “this is the confidence that we
have toward him, that if we ask anything according to his will he hears
us. And if we know that he hears us
in whatever we ask, we know that
In 2 Chronicles 7:14, God gives one we have the requests that we have
of the keys to privileged prayer:
asked of him.”
A humble heart!
“If my people who are called by
my name humble themselves, and
pray and seek my face and turn
from their wicked ways, then I will
hear from heaven.”

How are you going to pray today?
When you do, pray with humility
and confidence, seeking God’s will.
And ask Him to show you how to
become intimate with Him but never take Him for granted.

March 2013

15

ELIZABETH
Fry
angel of prisons

1780-1845

ELIZABETH CLAYTON
Why is Elizabeth Fry famous?
What she did Elizabeth Fry helped
people in prison. She visited prisons
that were dark, dirty and dangerous.
She believed even prisoners should be
treated with kindness. She was a brave
reformer.

Her mother Catherine Barclay came
from a family of bankers. Catherine
was a Quaker. Elizabeth was brought
up as a Quaker too.

The family home
The Gurney family lived in a fine house,
Earlham Hall. Built in 1642, it was already old when Elizabeth lived there
When did she live?
Elizabeth Fry was born in 1780. Britain as a child.
was changing. The Industrial Revolutionwas bringing new machines and- Helping others
factories. Elizabeth met Queen Victoria Elizabeth’s mother believed rich peowhen the queen was a young woman. ple should help others, through charitywork. She took her children to visit poor
Elizabeth Fry died in 1845.
families, bringing food and clothes.
How she changed things
John Howard (1726-90) was England’s Looking after the family
first prison reformer, but Elizabeth was When Elizabeth was 12, her mother
the first woman to campaign for better died. Now she helped bring up her
prisons. It was unusual for a woman to brothers and sisters.
lead a campaign.
Out in the world : Teaching others
Elizabeth’s father paid for a teacher,
Growing up: Elizabeth’s parents
Elizabeth was born on 21st May 1780. and Elizabeth studied history, geograHer father John Gurney was a banker phy and French. Many poor children
never went to school. Elizabeth started
in Norwich. He also owned a factory.
16

5Talents Magazine

Share it : www.5talents.in

a Sunday School for poor children.

view. Inside Newgate, Elizabeth met
Harriet Skelton. This poor woman had
New ideas
been caught using forged (fake) monElizabeth had a friend, Amelia Alder- ey. Harriet was hanged.
son. Amelia’s father talked to the girls
about politics and new ideas. Elizabeth Women and children in prison
was excited by new ideas. She wore Elizabeth wanted to help the 300 woma French hat to celebrate the French en and children in Newgate. Small
Revolution. She was not afraid to shock children were shut up with murderers.
people. She loved bright clothes, es- Children were locked up just because
pecially purple boots!
their mothers were in prison.
Inspired by a preacher
When she was 18, an Americanpreacher, William Savery, spoke at a meeting.
He came to dinner with the Gurney
family. Meeting him inspired Elizabeth
to do something important.

Life for prisoners
Prisoners slept on the floor, on straw.
There was only one tap for water.
The toilet was a bucket. Many prisoners were ill. Some were so violent that
thegovernor was scared to go into his
own prison!

Marriage
In 1800, Elizabeth married Joseph Fry. The prison visitor : Visiting Newgate
He was a Quaker too. They set up Gaol
home in London.
In 1813, Elizabeth visited NewgateGaol,
the most horrible prison in London.
A busy mother
Old Newgate Gaol, 600 years old,
Over the next few years Elizabeth burned down in 1780. The new prison
had 11 children. One daughter, Betsy, was already overcrowded and dirty.
died when only 5. Children at this time
caught diseases that doctors could
not cure.
Elizabeth went on helping others, while
running her home. In 1811, she started
preaching herself.
The prison visitor : Visiting Newgate
Gaol
In 1813, Elizabeth visited NewgateGaol,
the most horrible prison in London.
Old Newgate Gaol, 600 years old,
burned down in 1780. The new prison
was already overcrowded and dirty.
Public executions
Outside Newgate, people were
hanged. Crowds came to watch, and
rich people paid for seats with the best

“..I was in prison
and you came to
me..”
- Matt 25: 36

March 2013

17

Public executions
Outside Newgate, people were
hanged. Crowds came to watch, and
rich people paid for seats with the best
view. Inside Newgate, Elizabeth met
Harriet Skelton. This poor woman had
been caught using forged (fake) money. Harriet was hanged.
Women and children in prison
Elizabeth wanted to help the 300 women and children in Newgate. Small
children were shut up with murderers.
Children were locked up just because
their mothers were in prison.
Life for prisoners
Prisoners slept on the floor, on straw.
There was only one tap for water.
The toilet was a bucket. Many prisoners were ill. Some were so violent that
thegovernor was scared to go into his
own prison!
Life and times: Help in Parliament
Elizabeth’s sister’s husband, Thomas Buxton, was a Member of Parliament(MP).
He told Parliament about her prison
work, and she told MPs what she had
seen in Newgate.
New laws
From the 1820s, new laws improved
prisons. Women warders were put in
charge of women prisoners. Warders
were paid properly, instead of taking
money from prisoners.
Hard times
In 1828, Mr Fry’s business failed. Elizabeth was not rich any more. She went
on preaching, but did less charity
work. She still believed poor people
deserved good things, such as clean
homes, medicines and libraries.

A school for nurses
In 1840 Elizabeth started a school for
nurses at Guy’s Hospital, in London. In
1854, Florence Nightingale took ‘Fry
nurses’ with her to the Crimean War.
A famous woman
Elizabeth met Queen Victoria. She visited the king of France and the king of
Prussia, to talk about better prisons.
She was now a famous woman. Some
people said she should spend more
time with her family, but Elizabeth knew
herreform work mattered.
What Elizabeth Fry did
Elizabeth Fry inspired others by her
example. She was a model for other
women. She wrote a book about prison reform. Thanks to her, prisons became less awful places.
Elizabeth Fry died at Ramsgate in Kent,
on 12 October 1845.

WE STRONGLY BELIEVE
That the Bible is the inspired and infallible word of the Living God; that it is the only
source of reliable divine revelation about God for man, and the foundation of our
faith, doctrine, and way of life
In the veracity of- the doctrine of the Trinity; the divinity of our Lord and Savior Jesus
Christ as the Son of the Living God; His virgin Birth; His Redemptive work on the Cross;
His Resurrection; His present-day ministry; and of His second coming
In the ministry of the Holy Spirit: His indwelling presence in every born-again Christian;
His baptism of the Believer for service in Christian ministry; and His work in the believer
for fruitfulness, and Christ-like character development
In the doctrine of man’s sinfulness by nature, and the need for salvation only through
Jesus Christ our Savior and Lord
In the scripturally sanctioned divine sacraments of water baptism and communion; as
divine imperatives after conversion
In the doctrine of the Church as the universal body of Christ comprising all born-again
Christians; and also in its physical and local manifestation as an assembly of bornagain Christians gathering for fellowship with the Lord and one another
In a Christ-like life of fruitfulness in character and service that reflects Holiness, Wisdom,
Faith, Love, Integrity, Submissiveness, Discipline (Self-denial), Purposefulness, and Hope

DISCOVERING TALENTS FOR GODS’ KINGDOM

GOALS

OBJECTIVE METHODS

Promote programs, ventures, and events
that exalt the name and work of Jesus
Christ our Lord; to help bring more people to repentance and fellowship with
Him

Publish a non-denominational monthly magazine at the beginning of every
month, which will be given away free
of charge that will be called 5Talents
Magazine(digital edition); to serve as our
primary medium for achieving our goals

Create awareness about spiritual and
physical tools, facilities, venture, programs, and fora available to believers in
the Lord Jesus Christ; to help them prosper in their Christian pilgrimage
Promote the healthy growth of the
church of the Lord Jesus Christ by helping to increase and deepen believers’
knowledge of the word of God through
the propagation of sound doctrine; and
by stirring up the body of Jesus Christ (His

Design and make available to the readers of the magazine a web-site where
they can access further information in
addition to what is published in the magazine
Advertise churches, ministries, programs,
events, and ventures (e.g. books, projects, movies, CDs, and etc) that promote the name and work of Jesus Christ
with sound doctrine in 5Talents Magazine
at the beginning of every month
March 2013

19

movie

20

5Talents Magazine

Share it : www.5talents.in

movie
Riley, a young girl in a small town,
makes an unexpected discovery-a
doorway to heaven, which leads to
miraculous healing powers. She hides
her gift at first as her parents struggle
with a separation, and her mother
continues to lose her faith. Riley is
soon faced with the ultimate sacrifice...will it change her mother’s mind
and bring the family back together?
This is a touching story about a little
girl with healing abilities who pays a
price for the gift she shares with others.
Kirstin Dorn plays Riley, a girl who
heals others but then suffers their
sickness. Her father, Leo (Dean
Cain), is a mechanic who has to
move out after his wife Julie (Charisma Carpenter) plans to divorce him.
She lost a child and has lost her faith
in God and in miracles.

Heaven’s Door appears to want to shed
light on the possibility of miracles, the
importance of faith
and some hope in
the hereafter. It also
tries to show the nobility of sacrificing in
order to help others.

The film contains some sophisticated
scenes such as Riley’s grandfather
passing away, and real-life suffering
for the family. But Riley’s grandmother encourages her and Riley is a tool
to heal her brother’s asthma.
The film is good at showing the family working through their problems.
The conclusion is a mixture of momentary sadness then a renewed
hope. Due to the subject matter
of death and the suffering, we are
recommending this movie for ages
twelve plus. This is a remarkable and
inspiring story which will bring a tear
to your eyes.

Our Next Review on

“Amazing Love”
March 2013

21

DISCOVERING TALENTS FOR GODS’ KINGDOM

PUBLISHER
Sharon Prayer Fellowship & Ministries
Nacharam, Hyderabad
ADVISOR
Rev. K. Stephen (President of SPFM)
Rev. Ms. M. G Basanti
EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR
Premasis Satman
INTERVIEW EDITOR
Deepakshi Satman

Invitation
for Guest
Columnist
5Talents welcomes for volunteered writers who are passionate
about Jesus Christ and sharing His
message of truth with the world.
We are now open to receive articles on Christian topic relative to
talents, lifestyle, doctrinal messsage or stories.
Please submit your article or story
to premasis@5talents.in
Note: The content will be review
by the board and if it is approved
it will be scheduled to published in
future issues.
© ALL RIGHT RESERVED

DESIGN DIRECTOR
Pankaj Kumar Nayak
CREATIVE MANAGER
Elizabeth Clayton
5Talent Magazine is a digital magazine
published monthly.
MISSION STATEMENT
Promote increase in membership, and
growth in character, of the Church of Jesus Christ through the publication and advertisement of programs and ventures that
fulfill the great commission and propagate
sound doctrine.
ADVERTISING
To advertise in 5Talents Magazine, email us
premasis@5talents.in
5Talents Magazine grants permission for
any original article to be quoted provied
5Talents Magazine is indicated to be the
source. For use of an entire article permission must be granted. Please contact
premasis@5talents.in
CONTACT
5TALENTS, c/o Premasis Satman, LIGH-36,
APHB Colony, Moulali, Hyderabad- 40
Phone: +91 9032690627
March 2013

22

