5

issue 18 march-april 2014

TALENTS
Christian Magazine

discovering talents for gods’ kingdom

Stella Bogi

Facing the Giants
in your life

~ By George Powell

Convergence

By Jenny Stevec

www.5talentsMAG.com

Content Table
Life
Journey of
Stella Bogi.

4
A Prayer for
India’s General
Election 2014
Fr. Frank Pavone

Facing the
Giants in
Your Life
George Powell

5Talent Magazine is a webzine published monthly.
MISSION:
- Promote the Gospel of our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ
- Impact the character of individuals in the ’Body of Christ’
based on the word of God
- Advertise programs and ventures that fulfills
‘The Great Commission’ for the end time purposes
5Talents Magazine grants permission for any original article
to be quoted provided 5Talents Magazine is indicated to be
the source. For use of an entire article permission must be granted.

6

Christian
Movie
Review

10

“Grace Unplugged”

Convergence

8

Jenny Stevec

PUBLISHER
Deepakshi Kolia
EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR
Premasis Satman
EDITOR

Dr. Julious Watts

CREATIVE DIRECTOR
Elizabeth Clayton

17

ADVERTISING & MARKETING

SHILOH GLOBAL SOLUTIONS
Hyderbad: 970 082 2149
Canada: 416 502 3777
Editorial: emag@5talentsmag.com
Advertising: bill@5talentsmag.com

5TALENTS MAGAZINE,
40-416, Jawahar Nagar, Moulali,
Hyderabad- 500 040

“Hope in Easter”

“E

aster is so much more
than just one of the
most significant events
on the Christian calendar. Yes,
it’s the time believers consider
the historic events of the
crucifixion on Good Friday and
celebrate the Resurrection hope
three days later, but the Easter
message is relevant for every
human being and the world we
live in today.
Easter message is one of hope.
Consider Jesus, Himself an
innocent man, who experienced
such horrific physical and
emotional suffering on the
Cross… In doing so, He
identifies with and relates to
the pain we experience here
on earth. It enables us to seek
God in those times of despair
and sorrow, and know that He
relates to the challenges we
face.
We take hope because the
suffering on the Cross wasn’t
the end of the story, and neither
is our current situation. The
Resurrection reminds us that
there is hope in the midst of the
dark days. The Christian faith
is not one of denial where we
ignore adversity and it will go
away. Our faith in Jesus gives us
the strength to face life and all
its obstacles head on, knowing

God meets us where we’re at
and takes us through.
Hope is one of those three
pivotal virtues we live by - faith,
hope and love. Faith is what
enables us to believe in our God,
love is the bond which keeps us
close to God, but it is hope that
helps us to keep believing and
keep loving, when darkness
descends or the cross becomes
too heavy.
Jesus found it difficult to believe
that God was with Him, or
perhaps, even that God loved
Him when he cried out from
the cross ‘My God, my God,
why have you abandoned me”.
(Matthew 24.46)
The Resurrection was God’s
answer to Jesus’ desperate call.
Easter is the sign for us that
God will never abandon us, that
there will never be a time when
we should give up hope.
May you - in your families, in
your religious communities, in
workplace find joy and gentle
peace this Easter.
Thank you for being people of
hope who can say “Jesus is Lord
- He is Risen, Alleluia!”
God Bless.

Premasis Satman
Executive Director

Life Journey of
Stella Bogi...
Coverpage Story

M

iss Stella Bogi of Hyderabad who
graduated with M.Th in Pastoral
Theology in 2000, is currently the
Principal of Trinity College, Hyderabad. She
gained much by studying at SAIACS. Stella
taught at Trinity Christian college, first as
a part-time lecturer and later committed
herself to full-time lectureship, as she felt
led by the Lord. She continues, ‘Years ago
I was given Vice-Principal ship and then
became a Principal.
One afternoon I saw Jesus ( just like we see
him in the movies, with white clothes, long
hair, beard etc) signalling me with his hand
to follow him. I followed him without any
fear or hesitation, a few steps and then
he disappeared. I ran and told this to my
mother and my mom said next time He
calls you say, “here am I”. So far I have not
seen Him…

early age since my mother was a working
woman, I had the responsibility of taking
care of my younger siblings. I could not
bear when difference was shown between
the boys and girls at home. I wanted justice,
I would speak out and say, if girls can do
washing then boys can do too.
Though I spoke up boldly, which was my
defence mechanism, I was actually a very
timid, shy, with very Low Self-Esteem. I
hated the way I looked and thought there
was no good in me and therefore always
was found in the kitech. I hated myself so
much that for two years of my teenage life
I did not see the mirror.
My parents gave us very good god-fearing
atmosphere at home. The bed-time stories
my mom told us was from the Bible. The
first Bible study I remember was from the
book of Nehemiah taught by my Dad.

I grew up with five other siblings. I grew
up with two older brothers, two younger While studying in 10th class I had a great
brothers and one younger sister. At an desire to be a Sunday School teacher. While
4

5TALENTS MAGAZINE

March-April 2014

I was preparing my first Sunday school
lesson I was born again, when I came to the
portion of, “How to lead a child to Christ”
from one of the CEF Story books.
Since I grew up with very low self esteem.
I needed to be appreciated. So I put all my
energies into developing my cooking skills
and into studies.
I was a very bright student and wanted to
become a doctor. But God had a different
path carved out for me. Since my friends
from my 12th class went to do DCP (Diploma
in Commercial Practice), I also joined the
crowd without knowing what it was. Even
before I could get my results of DCP I got a
job in a Christian Printing Press.

to Isa 61:6, “And you will be called priests
of the Lord, you will be named ministers of
our God. You will feed on the wealth of the
nations and in their riches you will boast”.
I knew this was a direct call from the Lord.
For a year I was accompanying my pastor to
village ministries and other places. Then in
1985 July, one of our church youth boys had
returned from his studies in Bible college. He
suggested that I join the Bible college. Until
then I had no idea that women too could
go to Bible college. I prayed and asked the
Lord if it was His will, he will open door for
me in the Bible college as the admissions
were closed one month back. On July14th
1985 I joined the Bharat Bible College
and by 1990 had completed Bachelor of
Theology and Bachelor of Divinity. I knew I
was called to be a teacher. Teaching is my
passion.

I was actively involved in preaching in
the church (started by my dad) and other
churches. Was actively involved in VBS, Involved in pioneering Bible College (KorYouth meetings, Sunday Schools, Good In) in Bangalore and then involved in
news clubs etc.
teaching in the same college for two years.
(1994-1996) Then came to Hyderabad and
I had completed working for one year and since then am involved in teaching and
one month. It was 23rd Sept 1984, I head administration at Trinity Christian College.
an audible voice, “Resign”. I knew it was for For past three years Trinity Christian College
me. So I told my MD I am resigning since the is under New Management.
Lord asked me to. He tried to increase my
salary, but in vain. I shared this news with It was shocking to know that I was the only
my Pastor Amos Jayarathnam, who asked lady principal in India in the Asia Theological
me to confirm this word from the Lord. Colleges. My prayer is that there will be
On24th Sept 1984, my first fasting prayer many women in leadership position in
I began to seek the Lord. After some time Theological Institutions in India.
I heard an audible voice, “read Isa 61:6”. I
opened my eyes, looked at the closed Bible Any society is recognised by the values it
beside me and thought, how can there be has. I strongly believe that if a society has to
66 chs….(I had no idea then about the chs) I be developed, then the women have to be
heard the voice a second time, I opened my developed. Women influence their families
eyes and thought what if I open the Bible and the families inturn influence the society.
and there are no 66 chapters. And I began Thus the society with good standing is
to cry and pray more. I could not resist the formed. The standard of a society is directly
voice the third time as the voice was very proportional to the value of a woman at
powerful and loud and I turned the Bible home.
March-April 2014

5TALENTS MAGAZINE

5

A Prayer for
India’s General
Election 2014
Fr. Frank Pavone

O

God, we acknowledge You today as called to be a sect fleeing the world But rather a
Lord, Not only of individuals, but of community of faith renewing the world.
nations and governments.
Awaken them that the same hands lifted up to
We thank You for the privilege Of being able You in prayer Are the hands that pull the lever in
to organize ourselves politically And of knowing the voting booth; That the same eyes that read
that political loyalty Does not have to mean Your Word Are the eyes that read the names
disloyalty to You.
on the ballot, And that they do not cease to be
Christians When they enter the voting booth.
We thank You for Your law, Which our Founding
Fathers acknowledged And recognized as Awaken Your people to a commitment to justice,
higher than any human law.
To the sanctity of marriage and the family, To
the dignity of each individual human life, And to
We thank You for the opportunity that this the truth that human rights begin when Human
election year puts before us, To exercise our Lives Begin, And not one moment later.
solemn duty not only to vote, But to influence
countless others to vote, And to vote correctly. Lord, we rejoice today That we are citizens of
Your kingdom.
Lord, we pray that Your people may be
awakened. Let them realize that while politics May that make us all the more committed To
is not their salvation, Their response to You being faithful citizens on earth.
requires that they be politically active.
We ask this through Jesus Christ, our Lord.
Awaken Your people to know that they are not Amen.
6

5TALENTS MAGAZINE

March-April 2014

March-April 2014

5TALENTS MAGAZINE

7

Facing the
Giants in Your
Life
George Powell

A

ll of us face them . . . those situations
or people that seem to tower over us
sometimes leaving us paralyzed in our
tracks and sometimes running for our lives.
Whenever I think of giants I think of one of the
greatest stories in the Bible, the story of young
David facing big Goliath, the champion of the
Philistines, who stood over 9 feet tall and daily
threatened the army of God. You can find his
story in the Old Testament book of I Samuel 17.
It truly is an amazing story that took place in
the Valley of Elah many, many years ago, yet
contains timely life and leadership lessons for us
today, regardless of the culture in which we live.
This will be one of a series of articles written to
help us learn and apply some of those lessons.
Here are three giant statements about giants.
1. Every giant introduces a person to himself.
Every time you or I face a giant it reveals a lot
about who we are. Whether a personal crisis,

8

a person, or an overwhelming problem,
that giant serves as a mirror to help me see
myself.
I remember one of the first ministry giants
I faced was in the form of a tiny, petite lady
in our church who happened to be the wife
of one of the leaders in the church and the
church secretary. To get to the point, she
didn’t like the way I was running the youth
program and proceeded to discuss it with
everyone else but me. Essentially she was
undermining everything I did.
Realizing this just couldn’t continue, I
mustered up all the courage I could as a
young kid of 21 years of age, and confronted
her on the issue. I shared with her how what
she was doing was hurting my ministry and
how I needed her support as a person of
influence in the church.
I’m happy to say that she responded
favorably and as a result I not only gained
her support but also her respect.

5TALENTS MAGAZINE

March-April 2014

Someone has said, “The size of a person is
measured by the size of the challenges he
or she is willing to face.”
You see, a lot of times, rather than face the
giant we choose to run from it, ignore it, or
just pretend it doesn’t exist.
That giant encounter helped me learn that
every giant I was ever going to face in life
was going to reintroduce me to myself.
And when I faced them and dealt with
them appropriately, though not always
successfully, I could walk away with a certain
amount of self-respect. I could say to myself,
“George, that took courage. Way to go! You
were not sure how that was going to turn
out but you faced it! Good job.”
“A challenge doesn’t make us . . . it only
reveals the stuff of which we are made.”
2. People who are growing to their highest
potential have defeated giants.
It is true about sports teams, business
teams, church leadership teams, marriages,
families . . . no one will never be all they can
be without somewhere, sometime facing
and overcoming great obstacles.
In 1962 a book was published that is now
out of print called, Cradles of Imminence.
It was a book that studied the lives of 413
famous and successful people for five years
attempting to discover a common thread in
their life that would show why they were so
successful.
After five years of close examination, it was
noted that of the 413 people, 392 of them
had faced unbelievable problems in their life.
And they began to realize that the people
who were coming out on top were the
people who had been under overwhelming
odds.

March-April 2014

Booker T. Washington, the great AfricanAmerican educator once said: “You cannot
ever judge success by what position you
have, you can only judge success by what
you had to overcome to get there.”
3. Giants are often tools God uses to shape us
for even bigger things.
Giants are tools God uses to make us better
people, stronger people, and more mature
people.
In the story of David and Goliath, it was not
uncommon for one man to represent an
army. They did that so there would not be
a major loss of life. Each army would send
forth their champion and put him up against
the opposing army’s warrior. And whichever
army won would submit to a certain period
of slavery to the other nation.
In other words, the giant represented
something much bigger than just himself.
He represented the whole army.
Likewise, the giants you and I face seldom
stand alone. Most problems you and I face
represent a lot more that just what we are
encountering or what we are seeing at the
moment.
An important lesson for you and me is
simply this: when a giant defeats us, others
close to us suffer, too. However, when we
overcome the giants in our life, others enjoy
the victory and are blessed.
So ask yourself, “What giant am I facing today?”
What are you discovering about yourself?
How are you growing through this challenge?
What is God building in your life in the process?

5TALENTS MAGAZINE

9

Christian Movie
Review
“Grace Unplugged”

Grace Trey is the ideal Christian teen
who is also a phenomenal singer. But
at the tender age of eighteen, after she
gets the music break of a lifetime and is
thrust into the “real world” - her faith is
put to the test.
Grace Trey has just turned eighteen. She sings
in the praise band at church under the direction
of her father, Johnny Trey, a former professional
singer who prefers the down-on-the-suburbanfarm life to touring. Dad and daughter fight about
all sorts of generic family stuff, but mostly about
her not following his direction during the praise
numbers.
When a talent show cover of Johnny’s biggest
hit renews interest, Johnny’s friend and former
manager, Frank “Mossy” Mostin, comes knocking.
He has what Grace thinks is the opportunity of a
lifetime: resume recording, resume touring, and
resume being a star. Dad’s not interested, but
the lure of bright lights and big cities is too much
for Grace. She steals Johnny’s song and sends a
copy to Mossy. Pretty soon she’s on her prodigal
10

daughter journey to Hollywood Gomorrah. Will
her upbringing, conscience, and the intervention
of a faithful Christian intern help get her back
on the right track before she does anything with
deeper consequences than shame and regret?

“In this day and age when aggressive and
sex related topics fill the big screen it is very
refreshing to find a great, moral family movie
that catch our complete attention and add a new
perspective to the parent- teenage relationship.
It is very important to construct, not destroy. We
should feed our youngsters positive messages
that do not encourage aggressiveness but
compromise and cooperative positive behavior.
It’s this the reason why we have to “Unplugged”.
Unplugged from what? So many realities we have
to leave along this life’s road. If you do not do
anything to reroute teenage life don’t complain
when more aggressive behavior becomes our
reality. Do not blame anyone for the shootings
in our schools, colleges and universities. Let’s
hope everyone works on making family movies
well known. See it you will really enjoy it. Similar
movies are: God’s not dead, Urchin amongst
many others.” ~ Masalazar Salazar (USA) IMBD

5TALENTS MAGAZINE

March-April 2014

March-April 2014

5TALENTS MAGAZINE

11

TRINITY
CHRISTIAN COLLEGE
Admission
Open Fall 2014
Trinity Christian College (TCC) is Inter-denominational,
Co-educational, English Medium. The college believes in
producing Christ like nature men and women who would
establish churches, be witnesses in Market place and serve
the society.

Get trained
be transformed

TCC offers the following courses:

12

•
•
•

Certificate in Theology – one year program
(Min. Qualification 10th pass)
Diploma in Theology – two years program
(Min.qualification 10th pass)
Bachelor in Theology - three years program
(Min. qualification 12th pass)

The above programs are accredited by Asia Theological
Association (ATA)
TCC also offers training to interested candidates in Telugu
and English on Weekends.
TCC is blessed with committed and well qualified faculty.
TCC raises support by making and selling scented candles,
beautiful lacy curtains, very delicious eatables, etc.
CONTACT: The Registrar
7-1-282/C/10, Opp. Kranti transport
Behind Balkampet Temple, B.K. Guda,
S.R. Nagar, Hyderabad 500038, AP, India
Phone: +91 9394082310, +91 9394082878 Email: tccpfss@gmail.com

5TALENTS MAGAZINE

March-April 2014

March-April 2014

5TALENTS MAGAZINE

13

14

5TALENTS MAGAZINE

March-April 2014

March-April 2014

5TALENTS MAGAZINE

15

16

5TALENTS MAGAZINE

March-April 2014

Convergence

Jenny Stevec

F

From the moment God made our world
with tthose marvelous words,”Let there be
light”, God has been invading our darkness
with His Light and He has never stopped.

He declared, “Those who are wise will shine
like the brightness of the heavens, and those
who lead many to righteousness, like the stars
for ever and ever”. (Dan 12:3).

Years after Adam and Noah, centuries later,
God chose a people to carry His light. One
day, He grabbed Abraham and pulled him into
relationship, saying, “Go to the land I will show
you.” In Canaan, on three different occasions,
the Lord urges Abraham:

Daniel declared God as worthy of worship in
every situation and would not relent in his
prayers despite deadly persecution. In turn,
God shifted kingdoms, established the captives
return and revealed end-time visions to His
beloved servant.

“Look up at the heavens and count the stars--if
indeed you can count them.” Then he said to
him, “So shall your offspring be.”
(Gen 15:5, 22:17,26:4).

When Moses ushered the million Jews out of
Egypt, God then established worship as daily
morning and evening practice. Painstakingly
God outlined the blueprints for the tabernacle,
saying

God plans to use His kids as His spectacular
stars that shine and illuminate the darkness, a “Make this tabernacle and all its furnishings
sign and a wonder as lights in darkness started exactly like the pattern I will show you” (Exodus
back then and continue today.
25:9).
In ancient days, Daniel, standing tall as one Here was God’s Worship Manifesto:
of a few believers in a dark occult controlled
kingdom understood his destiny to shine.
Central to the camp, the twelve tribes camped
around its hub, as life flowed from the
March-April 2014

5TALENTS MAGAZINE

17

tabernacle of God where the priests of God in heaven,and who serves in the sanctuary,
daily worshiped Him.
the true tabernacle set up by the Lord, not
by man ... They serve at a sanctuary that is a
Out in the Outer court there were two objects: copy and shadow of what is in heaven. This is
1. the burnt offering altar for the sacrifices why Moses was warned when he was about to
2. the brass basin for washing
build the tabernacle: “See to it that you make
everything according to the pattern shown
Inside the tabernacle, in the Holy Place, there you on the mountain. (Hebrews 8:1, 2, 5)
were three key items:
1. the table of the showbread, with twelve Now when Jesus walked the earth, He taught
loaves of bread for the twelve tribes of His friends that He was the Light of the World
Israel replaced daily
(John 8:12). All our light comes from Him.
2. the table with incense trimmed and lit
morning and evening
Jesus taught us to pray,
3. the lampstand with pressed holy olive
oil for fuel lit morning and evening
“Our Father, who art in heaven, hallowed be
Thy Name. Thy Kingdom come, Thy will be
Inside the inner sanctum, the Holy of Holies done, on earth, as it is in heaven.” (Luke 11:2).
there was:
1. the ark of the covenant with the two The Bible says that the tabernacle God set up
cherubim which God said, “There, above with Moses was a copy or a shadow of what is
the cover between the two cherubim in heaven, so in this tent of meeting, there is
that are over the ark of the Testimony, I revelation of heaven’s own tent of meeting.
will meet with you and give you all my
commands for the Israelites.” (Exodus Jesus, Messiah, Saviour and Son of God, said
25:22)
to the Jews of His day:
2. Inside this area was a jar of manna, as
God commanded: “Take an omer of YOU ARE THE LIGHT OF THE WORLD. A CITY
manna and keep it for the generations ON A HILL CANNOT BE HIDDEN. NEITHER
to come, so they can see the bread I DO PEOPLE LIGHT A LAMP AND PUT IT
gave you to eat in the desert when I UNDER A BOWL. INSTEAD THEY PUT IT ON
brought you out of Egypt.’ “ (Exodus ITS STAND AND IT GIVES LIGHT TO EVERYONE
16:32).
IN THE HOUSE. IN THE SAME WAY, LET YOUR
3. Aaron’s perpetually budding almond LIGHT SHINE BEFORE MEN, THAT THEY MAY
stick was also placed before the SEE YOUR GOOD DEEDS AND PRAISE YOUR
Testimony (Numbers 17:10).
FATHER IN HEAVEN. (MATTHEW 5:14-16)
4. The Ten Commandments, two stone
tablets scribed by God’s hand, were Jesus was speaking to his nation, the Jewish
placed inside the ark (1 Kings 8:9)
nation. For every child of Israel standing there,
the only city that mattered was Jerusalem,
So why care about something established in Israel’s crown jewel.
the desert over four thousand years ago?
The writer of Hebrews explains:

King David, with the Lord of hosts, and Joab
and the army wrestled Zion from the Jebusites
We do have such a high priest, who sat down (1 Chronicles 11: 4-9).
God gloriously
at the right hand of the throne of the Majesty established the city of David and his lineage
18

5TALENTS MAGAZINE

March-April 2014

to rule and reign perpetually. Centuries later,
Jerusalem fell to the Babylonians and was
restored by Ezra, Nehemiah and Zerubbabel.
History records it fell again to Greece and then
to Rome. Sixteen times, Jerusalem has been
fought for.(see footnote)

then praise the God who has empowered you
to love? Are you light in the darkness? Are
you light in your home? Are you light in your
workplace, in your business, in your nation?
Do you understand you are a lampstand? Do
you know where your Light comes from?”

In that tent of meeting, the holy lampstand
bore seven branches, representing the Holy
Spirit. The lamp bore seven wicks which shone
day and night. These wicks only shone if they
had the fuel required, the holy oil, pressed
When Jesus used Jerusalem as his example, it olive oil, the symbol of Israel all through the
was like Jesus was waving Israel’s flag, asking: scriptures.
“Do you remember Whose you are? Do you
remember your testimony as a nation chosen God our Father dreams about us, a breed
by God? Do you remember your purpose? Be redeemed and full of Christ Jesus, fueled by
His Spirit, burning with wisdom, counsel,
light! Be light in the darkness!”
knowledge, fear of God, might and
Remember the tent of meeting that Moses so understanding, burning 24/7 through Him,
carefully established at God’s command? Inside with Him and in Him, in the unity of the Holy
the temple, the permanent tent established Spirit for God’s glory.
by David, then Solomon and then erected as
a monument by Herod, in Jesus’ day, there Paul challenged us in Philippians 2:12-16 to
still stood the lampstand, the incense, the live holy and shine bright:
showbread of heaven’s decree.
Therefore, my dear friends, as you have always
Both the holy menorah and the lampstand obeyed--not only in my presence, but now
were practical items, like a flashlight is today, much more in my absence--continue to work
bringing illumination and sight to darkened out your salvation with fear and trembling,for
places. In Jesus’ day, electricity had not been it is God who works in you to will and to act
yet invented so the household oil lamp lit the according to his good purpose.Do everything
whole house. The lamp had practical purpose, without complaining or arguing,so that you
to bring light to dispel the darkness, to cook, may become blameless and pure, children of
to visit, to study, to celebrate, to live. The God without fault in a crooked and depraved
menorah stood as a reminder of our darkness generation, in which you shine like stars in the
without God who is Light. The menorah was universe as you hold out the word of life.
tended daily, replenished with fuel as often as
needed, a perpetual testimony of God with us, Do you have the oil of God, the Holy Spirit to
burn bright in the darkness? Or are you an
and us in God.
empty lampstand, looking good but running
Life flowed (despite darkness!) when the on empty? Have you stayed there in the welllit church, an ancient lamp without oil? It’s time
lampstand was lit.
to be filled with the oil of God once more!!!!
Through these two pictures, Jesus was asking:
“Do you remember your holy purpose to To be light in the darkness and shine bright
shine? Do men see your holy walk of love and with love, to be of practical help and holy love
It still stands as Israel’s sign and wonder, and
for thousand of years has stood as a testimony
of God’s provision and protection, that Israel is
indeed God’s chosen nation.

March-April 2014

5TALENTS MAGAZINE

19

for those in darkness, much oil is required.
Thank God for the patterns He reveals in
Scripture. The Holy Spirit is the oil of God.
We are designed to shine with the fuel of God.
He made us this way! To love is to be light!
John the beloved stated this emphatically:
No one has seen God, ever. But if we love one
another, God dwells deeply within us, and his
love becomes complete in us - perfect love!
This is how we know we’re living steadily and
deeply in him, and he in us: He’s given us life
from his life, from his very own Spirit. (1 John
4:12-13)

Shiloh Global Solutions is to enable
individuals to pursue a global education
that best meets their individual career
aspirations in a good and conductive
environment for study.

Learn English

Holy Spirit of God, would you fill us that we
may shine with the love of God and be a
practical solution in the dark around us? Lord
Jesus, as we love you, as You have loved us,
would your light, O Light of the World, burn
through us?

Canadian trained teachers (ESL)
with a wide range of international experience in teaching
English and training individuals,
along with a well trained team
will facilitate.

O Father God, abide in us as we abide in
Christ! By your grace, make us burn bright in
the darkness. O Father, send your Holy Spirit,
that we may live as the holy spectacles You
have always planned for us to be.

Study in Canada
Canada has one of the best and
most respected education systems
in the world. Valuable Canadian
hands-on work experience can be
gained during and after completion
of studies. It is economically sound
and has a very multi-cultural society.

May the convergence of the Holy Spirit spark
the flame, that we may shine bright with Jesus,
Light of the World, for those in darkness.
Do you not know that your body is a temple
of the Holy Spirit, who is in you, whom you
have received from God? You are not your
own. 1 Corinthians 6:19
How bright are you shining? O that we may all
be burning ones for God Almighty and take
this world with love!

20

Contact Administrator
Hyderabad, India: 970 082 2149
Overseas, Canada: 416 502 3777

www.ShilohGlobal.com

5TALENTS MAGAZINE

March-April 2014

March-April 2014

5TALENTS MAGAZINE

21

franchise

Jaya school of
education

Gain Expertise, Get Equipped for Life

o pp o r t u n i t i e s
for
“women”
“Jaya School of Education offers Franchise
for its Life Skills Programs to Women Only”

Want to Start Your Own Business?
Want to become Financially Independent?
Are You Passionate about starting ‘Something
New’ which will Impact Lives of Students?

Jaya School Offers Franchise to Women
Entrepreneurs. Encouraging women to
expand their business though our Expert
Skill Development Programs

LOW
INVESTMENT
HIGH
RETURNS!
An Excellent Opportunity to become Independent
and start your own business.
An All Women’s team Working to build Women
Entrepreneurs!
An Enviroment to develop yourself and on
Excellent Opportunity to help others by providing
Employment Oppurtunities and to Influence many
Students Positively to Build Confidence for Life.
The Franchisees will recover their inverstments

quite early due to the marketing support, the
goodwill and quality of the programs in the
market. We have our franchisees that are doing
very well after partnering with us and are able to
make good profits. Individuals who are willing to
start their own business, but have been holding
back on lack of confidence, can be assured of
talking our franchise and building their own team
and run the business. Our own franchisees are
witnesses to the fact that you can achieve success
and become a blessing to many.

JAYA SCHOOL OF EDUCATION
CONTACT: 9246812148, 9490373853, 040-23322012
w w w . 5 T a l e nMarch-April
t s M A G . c2014
om
5Talentswww.jayachoolofeducation.co
Magazine Oct 2013
22 22
5TALENTS MAGAZINE

Sarah Bridals

Memories Made To Last A Lifetime

We specialize in Wedding
Gowns, Imported Wedding Veils,
Bridemaids Dresses,Flower-girl
Dresses, Baskets, Halos, Suit
Boutannaires, Corsages, Unity
candles and all other Wedding
accessories.
We also undertake Church
Decorations and Catering.
March-April 2014

Contact:
3-5-807/1/c/1, Hyderguda,
Hyderabad - 500 029, AP, India
Phone: 91-81061-09469
Soujanayasunil@gmail.com
www.SarahBridals.net23
5TALENTS MAGAZINE

www.5TalentsMAG.com

24

5TALENTS MAGAZINE

March-April 2014

