5

issue 19 MAY - JULY 2014

TALENTS
Christian Magazine

discovering talents for gods’ kingdom

Christine
Lazares

Facing the Giants
in your life

~ By George Powell
Mate and
Help meet
Article

www.5talentsMAG.com

Content Table
Christine
Lazares...
Coverstory

4
Facing the
Giants in
Your Life-2

“Jacksons Run”

13

Article

8

George Powell

Christian
Movie
Review

Mate
and
Help meet

10

5Talent Magazine is a webzine published monthly.
MISSION:
- Promote the Gospel of our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ
- Impact the character of individuals in the ’Body of Christ’
based on the word of God
- Advertise programs and ventures that fulfills
‘The Great Commission’ for the end time purposes
5Talents Magazine grants permission for any original article
to be quoted provided 5Talents Magazine is indicated to be
the source. For use of an entire article permission must be granted.

Mahatma
Gandhi’s view
on Christianity...
by Joseph Dias
PUBLISHER
Deepakshi Kolia
EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR
Premasis Satman
EDITOR

Dr. Julious Watts

CREATIVE DIRECTOR
Elizabeth Clayton

16

ADVERTISING & MARKETING

SHILOH GLOBAL SOLUTIONS
Hyderbad: 970 082 2149
Canada: 416 502 3777
Editorial: emag@5talentsmag.com
Advertising: bill@5talentsmag.com

5TALENTS MAGAZINE,
40-416, Jawahar Nagar, Moulali,
Hyderabad- 500 040

“Demonstrate our
devotion to God”

“S

ome ways are relatively
easy such as reading
the Bible and spending
time in prayer. These
we can do on our own time.
But there’s another thing we can
do that involves other people- lending a hand to those who
need it.
One of the great joys of the
Christian life is the opportunity
we have to help each other.
It’s easy to help those you know
will help you back.
But look at the people Jesus talks
about in Matthew 25.
He says: ‘I was hungry and you
gave me food, I was thirsty
and you gave me drink, I was a
stranger and you welcomed me,
I was naked and you clothed me,
I was sick and you visited me, I
was in prison and you came to
me’. Matthew 25:35-36.
The people Jesus was talking to
were confused, ‘Lord,’ they said,
‘when did we see you hungry
and feed you, or thirsty and give
you drink? And when did we see
you a stranger and welcome
you, or naked and clothe you?
And when did we see you sick or
in prison and visit you?’ Matthew
25:37-39.
Jesus responded, ‘As you did
it to one of the least of these

my brothers, you did it to me’.
Matthew 25:40.
The righteous in these verses
were
demonstrating
their
devotion by going above and
beyond in serving each other.
Rather than just helping those
who could help them in return- they went the extra step and
helped those who couldn’t repay
them in any way.
They fed people who couldn’t
afford food; they clothed people
who couldn’t afford garments.
As Jesus’ response indicates,
these weren’t just kind gestures
to people in need.
They were demonstrations of
faithful devotions to God.
Ask yourself:
What opportunities to serve have
been presented to me in the last
month?
Have I participated in those?
Why or why not?
Do I find myself often asking,
‘What’s in it for me?’
Make the decision to do one
thing this week for someone who
probably can’t repay you.
-Ask God to open your eyes to
the need of those around you.
-Ask Him to show you how
you can meet those needs and
demonstrate your devotion!

Premasis Satman
Executive Director

Life Journey of
Christine
Lazares...
Coverpage Story

C

hristine Skinner Lazares is the oldest
daughter of late Doris & Reuben
Skinner of the famed Skinner ’s Horse.
As a child Christine harboured the dream
of being a nurse like her grandmother
Mary Skinner, who served as Matron to the
Nizam’s family. However, her innate sense
of caring and strong urge to do social good
led her on a different path. As a fourth
generation Hyderabadi, she is proud of
her Telangana heritage and roots. To some
extent her story maps the trajectory of
India’s newest State.
A highly resourceful individual, Christine
optmized her degree in Business
Management to reach a managerial
position with the Hyderabad based Pest
Control India Pvt. Ltd. where she started
working at a very young age. At age thirty
five, with fifteen years of service under her
belt and despite being a mother of two, she
pursued a degree in Management Studies,
which was deemed mandatory for her to
avail of a coveted promotion.

4

Inspired by parents who instilled strong
ideals of social justice and community
service in her, Christine was involved at a
very young age in leadership roles with the
Crusaders at the Legion of Mary. Her nature
was so moulded to public service issues that
at the very young age of nineteen, Christine
was appointed the first Joint Secretary for
the Council of Hansen’s Social Welfare
and serves as its Chairperson to this day.
During her work there, she fought hard to
procure land allotment for Leprosy patients
and helped establish the CHSW Center at
Parvatnagar aided by LEPRA India. She was
recognized for her remarkable work by
being awarded the Life-time achievement
award from The Honorable Governor of AP
in 2009.
A gregarious extrovert, Christine served in
several organisations that provided service
to countless youth and disabled people
before she started focusing on serving the
needs of the Anglo Indian Community. In
recognition of her body of work for the

5TALENTS MAGAZINE

May-July 2014

disadvantaged and her passion for serving
her community, Christine was nominated as
MLA for the first time for the 1989-94 by the
Governor of AP. In 1992. She championed
the cause of the Anglo Indian community
by establishing the Ango Indian Welfare
Association.

Acts that have since been relegated to the
back burner with the demise of the then
CM DR. YS Rajashekara Reddy Garu! She
credits him for being a dynamic leader who
underscored the importance of empowering
the very poor and those at the bottom of
the pyramid. He also ensured her a third
term as an MLA to continue the remarkable
Among her other accomplishments are work she was doing.
the setting up of the YMCA and YWCA
programs by aligning them with the Dept. Armed with a Bachelor ’s Degree in Christian
of Industries. She also worked with the Govt Studies at ACTC, Serampore University & a
of AP in order to set up Aashray a home for PG Diploma in Peace and Value Education,
Children in Distress, she helped convene Christine used the full force of her
Seminars on Alcoholism to help alcoholics commitment combined with her education
as well as families affected by alcoholism in to serve in every conceivable capacity to
her capacity as Convenor of the Joint Action better the lot of not just the downtrodden
Forum of Women. Seminars on Alcoholism but empower people of her community to
– through joint Action Forum of Women become successful citizens in an evolving
Organised in Hyderabad as a Convenor. She AP and India. Due to her efforts, 185
also set up the governmental vocational professional seats were allotted to the
training for women through small Industries Anglo Indian Community. As always, there
service institute in the YMCA to set up were a few who didn’t fully understand her
cottage industry...etc.
mission but she didn’t let their hesitation
stop her from always doing the right thing.
She is the founding member of the United
Christmas Celebrations. In her leadership She received training as trainer in Panchayat
role, she demanded a Christian Finance Raj at NIRD and sounded the wakeup call
Corporation where the allocation of for Faith Based Organizations thru’ Christian
budgets are spent for the Community and Front and other organisations to put
enhancement funds regularly accrued. She forward the Stop, Look, Listen campaign
was instrumental in ensuring that Christmas for HIV AIDS prevention. She established
is celebrated in every district and not the Catholic Hospital Associations of India,
restricted to just the High Tea with the Chief including quarterly Lok Adalats and Legal
Minister in the Capital of Hyderabad.
Aid services and womens socio-political
rights.
Religion is a sticky wicket for any politician
to be on but Christine took the bull by the Christine Lazares epitomizes all that is
horns in order to address the accusation perservering, committed, tenacious and
against the Church for allegedly selling resilient, cherished qualities that most
properties illegally. She was tenacious devoted social advocates aspire to. She
in her efforts with the Government to believes in her calling to serve the people
protect, restore and retrieve the sale of any of her community and all people at large
lands allocated to the Church on religious who are left to fend for themselves. Her
grounds. Along with the House Committee God is Service.
she prepared legislation based on various
May-July 2014

5TALENTS MAGAZINE

5

Salvation Experience in her words...
Born into a family where my mother who was
Anglican had to become a Catholic to marry
my father who in those times was Cambridge
educated and excelled in Religious Studies
and as a voracious reader his conversation
with my mother was kinda banned but I
gleaned much from their heated arguments
of why WE CHILDREN should not read the
BIBLE?

my name is Christine and I am LOST....it was
then I promised myself study the Bible and
all thru those years of the first term and to
today I started to pray and went to nearly
all CHURCH and HOME prayer meets and
belong to many Prayer Groups!
The last meeting in my first term I was
invited as Chief Guest to Andhra Christian
Theological College, Lower Tank Bund for a
YOUTH MEET and narrated my story since a
child the questions I had as a young person
and said there was no Catholic Bible College
when the Principal interrupted me and said
YOU ARE MOST WELCOME to ACTC and
I replied but I am a Catholic to which he
replied YOU WILL BE THE FIRST CATHOLIC!
I was elated and asked if could join in the
year 1995 and I did to complete 4 year
Bachelor in Christian Studies that answered
ALL OF MY QUESTIONS! and found answers
to who I am, what did God want from me and
most of ALL I LEARNED THE LESSONS ON
RIGHTEOUSNESS & JUSTICE!

My grandfather an army man also was a
dedicated Catholic and ever since I can
remember we- all the children from the
Compound had to get up early morning
to walk to Church before Mass to wipe
the benches; later cut flowers for the Altar
graduating to polishing the Brass and singing
in the Choir. In school was a Crusader and
then graduated to Legion of Mary and after
marriage to a staunch Catholic served the
Christian Workers Movement for more than
25 years BUT those arguments were in the
back of my mind.and I kept searching ALSO
for the answers to my questions!
.....Once a Catholic always one but my entire
perspective to life changed and most of the
It was in the first term as MLA all members times I had the Church leadership by the
requested assistance for admission in various horns totally upset with me for RAISING
schools and colleges but ONE told me he was THE ISSUE OF ILLEGAL SALE OF CHRISTIAN
CHRISTIAN taken aback but replied - “yes all PROPERTIES. I MADE A LEGISLATION FOR
are Christian when they want something”... PROTECTION - REVIVAL, RESTORATION
he said ASK ME ANYTHING FROM THE BIBLE AND REBUILDING of thousands of acres of
FOR A long minute I was perturbed I did not properties that did not see the light of day
know a REFERENCE!
with the vociferous condemnation from the
ELDERS!
My mother had the habit of singing Psalms
and will quote the number! Thank God! that TODAY I COUNT ONE LOSS OF OUR
morning she sang Psalm 103 I recalled and PRESENCE AS CHRISTIANS IN THE LAND!
said OK recite 103 (thinking in the back of my OUR DIGNITY! OUR INTEGRITY! AND THUS
mind that this guy is trying something new THE ONLY OPPORTUNITY OF PARTICIPATING
to get my attention - during the first term it IN THE GREAT COMMISSION!
was a great problem) BUT the MLA RECITED
EVERY WORD IN TELUGU WITH SO MUCH
Email: christinelazares@gmail.com
OF PASSION tears welled up in my eyes and
website: www.christinelazares.com
I went to the Ladies restroom and cried my
heart out! I said O My God I am a Christian,
6

5TALENTS MAGAZINE

May-July 2014

May-July 2014

5TALENTS MAGAZINE

7

Facing the
Giants in Your
Life ...
part 2

George Powell

I

n last issue of 5Talents, I introduced the topic
of Facing the Giants in Your Life. They may not
be literal giants like the one David faced who
stood over nine feet tall, but we face them
nonetheless, and they come in all shapes and
sizes.

We took a look at three giant statements about
giants:
•
•
•

Every giant introduces a person to himself.
People who are growing to their highest
potential have defeated giants.
Giants are often tools God uses to shape
us for even bigger things.

So, like David, how can we effectively face our
giants and keep them from deterring us from
realizing our full potential in both our personal
and professional life?
This month I’ll begin by sharing the first of several
steps to effectively facing the giants in our lives.
•

Be faithful in the little things.

Not every giant is a problem that has to be
overcome. Some are actually opportunities that
8

can be doorways to bigger things.
David was the youngest of his eight brothers.
The three oldest were on the battle lines and
David had the responsibility of going back and
forth from tending his father’s sheep to delivering
supplies to his brothers.
Though he was the youngest, he was not the
dumbest. Most likely possessing an IQ of 150,
he had the military mind of a Colin Powell, the
political savvy of a nation’s President, the athletic
skill of a Milkha Singh, and the musical ability of
Beethoven all wrapped up into one.
Yet, where did David spend most of his time? Not
on the front lines facing the enemy but in the
backwoods caring for smelly, stupid sheep where
no one would ever see him.
Think about this. Did David ever whine and
complain because he wasn’t in the war zone? No.
Did David ever accuse God of overlooking him?
No. Did David throw a pity party and complain
that he never got any breaks? No.
David didn’t start out fighting giants on the
battlefield, he started out tending sheep on the

5TALENTS MAGAZINE

May-July 2014

hillside. David didn’t start out as a soldier fighting
for Saul, he started out as a musician soothing
Saul.
He was faithful in the little things and doing what
he was supposed to be doing, obeying his dad,
tending the sheep, and practicing his music.
David knew that God was preparing him for
bigger and better things. But during this time he
was getting to know God. During this time God
was developing his character. During this time
God was preparing him.
Many people want a “giant opportunity” right
now but aren’t patient enough to be faithful in
the little things. However, before we can take on
bigger and tougher giants, our character, abilities,
and talents are forged in the little things and most
often in the private places. That’s because who
we really are is forged in the private place not the
public arena.
So where are you today?
Are you aspiring to be a great leader? To own
your own company? To run your own business? To
influence the lives of many? That’s a great dream
and a noble ambition. By all means, hold on to
May-July 2014

it. But remember, it starts with the small things . . .
the little things that don’t seem as important.
I pastor a great church and have the joy and
responsibility of teaching several thousand every
weekend. But it hasn’t always been that way.
My first 17 years of ministry were in churches
all numbering less than 300. Now I have the
opportunity of traveling and speaking to groups
nationally and internationally several times a year.
Once in a while someone will say something like,
“I wish I could do what you do.” The question I am
asking on the inside is, “Are you willing to do what
I’ve done?”
Most don’t start out facing the big giants they
start out tackling the smaller ones.
But be faithful. Do your job and do your best. Be
faithful in the little things and trust God to give
you the opportunity for greater responsibility in
His time.

5TALENTS MAGAZINE

9

10

5TALENTS MAGAZINE

May-July 2014

Christian Movie
Review
“Jackson’s Run“

A troubled teen suffering from a life
threatening disease struggles to overcome
his fear of death as he searches for
purpose and true meaning in his life
before he succumbs to his disease.

“Jackson’s Run is a powerful and intense
film with an equally powerful and intense
message; the various elements of this movie
has remained with me, and not a day has
passed where I haven’t thought of the
complex characters, their relationships, the
thought-provoking plot and the universal,
multi-faceted message ... and the intense
emotions that the film evoked. And
emotions were high amongst the audience
during the screening I attended; you could
hear the audience’s emotional reaction to
certain scenes, and alas, when an entire
audience can be heard reacting to the main
characters and their collective plight—when
the audience loves the characters to this
degree—the filmmakers have done their job
and done so superlatively.
May-July 2014

While Christianity is an important theme
of Jackson’s Run, the religious aspect of
the film was well crafted and presented;
again, the underlying message of this film
is universal and it’s also multi-dimensional
and through subtlety, the audience takes
away the importance of the film and does
so without being barraged like most films
with a message (religious, political, etc) tend
to do. I admire the craftsmanship at which
this was achieved. Regardless of a person’s
faith, I believe they will leave this film feeling
touched and inspired.
In closing, as an author, I also admire the
meticulous weaving of the intense plot …
and furthermore, I admire the filmmaker’s
ability to successfully convey such a complex
storyline into a cohesive film... by Jake
Aurelian (USA) IMBD

5TALENTS MAGAZINE

11

TRINITY
CHRISTIAN COLLEGE
Admission
Open Fall 2014
Trinity Christian College (TCC) is Inter-denominational,
Co-educational, English Medium. The college believes in
producing Christ like nature men and women who would
establish churches, be witnesses in Market place and serve
the society.

Get trained
be transformed

TCC offers the following courses:

12

•
•
•

Certificate in Theology – one year program
(Min. Qualification 10th pass)
Diploma in Theology – two years program
(Min.qualification 10th pass)
Bachelor in Theology - three years program
(Min. qualification 12th pass)

The above programs are accredited by Asia Theological
Association (ATA)
TCC also offers training to interested candidates in Telugu
and English on Weekends.
TCC is blessed with committed and well qualified faculty.
TCC raises support by making and selling scented candles,
beautiful lacy curtains, very delicious eatables, etc.
CONTACT: The Registrar
7-1-282/C/10, Opp. Kranti transport
Behind Balkampet Temple, B.K. Guda,
S.R. Nagar, Hyderabad 500038, AP, India
Phone: +91 9394082310, +91 9394082878 Email: tccpfss@gmail.com

5TALENTS MAGAZINE

May-July 2014

Mate
and
Help meet
O

It was a part of God’s plan from the
beginning of time to find a help-meet
for man (Gen. 2:18). God gave a chance
for Adam to see personally all of God’s
creation and to name them. Whatever he named
them has been their name since then. But God
could see that Adam could not find a friend in
any of them, and God began His work to make a
helpmeet for Adam.

“There shall the vultures also be gathered, every
one with her mate…no one of these shall be fail,
none shall want her mate” (Is. 34:16). Note that
the word used here is “mate”. But in Genesis,
the word used is helpmeet - a help suitable to
man intellectually, morally and physically as his
counterpart. God gave all of creation expect man
a “mate”. But for man, He gave a helpmeet which
is much more than just a mate.

It was without Adam’s consent or knowledge that
God entered into this project. It was the first use
of anesthesia in human history. God took a rib
from Adam and put flesh on it and made Eve.
The same way God brought all the animals before
Adam; H also brought Eve also before Adam.
Then he exclaimed; “This is flesh of my flesh and
bone of my bones.” Even though he did not have
prior knowledge, the exclamation of Adam was a
testimony that God’s will was perfect.

Why did God make such an exception for mankind?
Does the answer give any clue to why the family
structure is crumbling in western culture? The
answer is found in chapter 6 of Genesis when sons
of God were going after whomever they pleased.
Man’s nature is falling to the level of beasts and
just like beasts, men are grabbing mates instead
of waiting for the helpmeet God will provide.

With human effort, a person may find a good
mate. But it will not be a helpmeet. Such mates
But when you come to chapter 6 of Genesis, we can turn out to be a headache in the future. When
see sons of God doing things that were contrary you are going through trouble times, only God
to the will of God. They found daughters of men given helpmeets will stick with you. All others will
to be fair and took anyone they pleased to be say goodbye and desert you. We see divorce
their wife. This was taking mates for themselves. on increase all over the world. Why? Because
young people are encouraged to look for mates
May-July 2014

5TALENTS MAGAZINE

13

ever since they are small. If it is helpmeet joined
together by God, only death will do them part.
Even though Eve fell for the snares of the Satan
and caused the fall of Adam also, God did not
throw out Eve alone. God could certainly do that!
But He used it as an occasion to teach them and
also the future generations a valuable lesson.
Both of them were kicked of the garden of Eden
together. Look at today! People get divorce for

14

the simplest of reasons like not liking the way one
person talk or even snoring!
God did not create man to live like an animal. God
loved mankind and created a helpmeet for him
out of himself. The rib he lost was brought back
to him as a beautiful woman. If it had a mixed
constituency like Nebuchadnezar’s dream, it
would not have lasted. If the lost rib was replaced

5TALENTS MAGAZINE

May-July 2014

by brass or sliver it would only create uncomfort.
This is what is happening today. Incompatible
people are put together in many relationships
which break down homes. What part has he that
believe with an infidel? Do not be unequally yoked
with unbelievers-warns Paul. In military terms, find
someone in your own rank.
Some people are changing mates as easily as
changing clothes. God did not deal with Adam
and Eve this way. What type of selection will you
have, young generation? Will you ask God to
show you the helpmeet according to his plan? The
result of the sin in Genesis 6 was the reduction of
man’s life span. Even though Methuselah lived to
be 969, his successors lived upto 120.
Today same sex marriages are becoming popular.
Many churches have no problem to officiate these.
It is a time of moral free fall. “ And it repented the
Lord God that he had made man on the earth.”
(Genesis 6:6). Man has fallen below the level of

May-July 2014

beast and fowl who take care of its own. Man has
gone so far away from God! When Ruth dedicated
herself before God telling Naomi that your God is
my God, he found a helpmeet for Ruth. Boaz was
about 80 years old when he married Ruth and
was a widower. Ruth also was a widow without
any child. God brought them together, gave them
children and blessed their generations. Even Jesus
came in that genealogy. If you surrender to thee
will and counsel of God, He will bless you with
a helpmeet. Quit your own efforts and give the
matter to the hands of God. When Abraham
wanted to find a suitable girl for his son, he made
a convent with his servant that he will go back to
his own kin for a girl. The person who comes into
your family by the will of God will be a blessing to
your family. Your wife will be a fruitful grapevine
in your home and your children will be like the
shoots of olives. Only when the selection is done
by the will of God that you can say, “as for me and
my household, we will serve the Lord”.

5TALENTS MAGAZINE

15

16

5TALENTS MAGAZINE

May-July 2014

Mahatma Gandhi’s
view on
Christianity...
									by Joseph Dias

W

hy I didn’t become a follower of favourite ‘Sermon on the Mount’ chapter in
Christ?
Mathew 5–7.

When the missionary E. Stanley Jones met
If not Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi, the with Gandhi he asked him,
Indian Independence struggle would have
taken longer with more bloodshed, division “Mr. Gandhi, though you quote the words
and war.
of Christ often, why is that you appear to so
adamantly reject becoming his follower?”
When senior leaders of the Hindu political
groups urged Gandhi to respond ‘violence Gandhi replied,
with violence’ and ‘sword with sword’, he
opposed insisting and exhorting the path “Oh, I don’t reject Christ. I love Christ. It’s
of non–violence and peace, which was just that so many of you Christians are so
Gandhi’s biggest sword to combat the unlike Christ.”
trained and fully equipped forces.
“If Christians would really live according
For sure this great man is one of the most to the teachings of Christ, as found in
respected leaders of modern history, for the Bible, all of India would be Christian
not only his life, but also his ideals and his today,” he added.
message to the people.
Gandhi’s closeness with Christianity began
Although Hindu, Gandhi had a very close when he was a young man practicing law
connection with Christianity and admired in South Africa. Apart from being attached
Jesus very much, often quoting from his with the Christian faith, he intently studied
May-July 2014

5TALENTS MAGAZINE

17

the Bible and the teachings of Jesus, and
was also seriously exploring becoming a To a Christian missionary Gandhi once said,
Christian, which led him to his discovery of a
small church gathering in his locality.
“To live the gospel is the most effective
way most effective in the beginning, in
These strongly entrenched Biblical the middle and in the end. …Not just
teachings have always acted a panacea preach but live the life according to the
to many of India’s problems during its light.... If, therefore, you go on serving
freedom struggle.
people and ask them also to serve, they
would understand.
After deciding to attend the church
service in South Africa, he came across a But you quote instead John 3:16 and ask
racial barrier, the church barred his way them to believe it and that has no appeal
at the door.
to me, and I am sure people will not
understand it...the Gospel will be more
“Where do you think you’re going, kaffir?” an powerful when practiced and preached.”
English man asked Gandhi in a belligerent
tone.
“A rose does not need to preach. It simply
spreads its fragrance. The fragrance is its
Gandhi replied,
own sermon…the fragrance of religious and
spiritual life is much finer and subtler than
“I’d like to attend worship here.”
that of the rose.”
The church elder snarled at him, “There’s
no room for kaffirs in this church. Get out
of here or I’ll have my assistants throw you
down the steps.”

In many ways Gandhi was right, the intense
proselytization by Christian missionaries in
India through force and allurement forced
him to make many scathing statements
against Christian missionaries, which several
This infamous incident forced Gandhi to times inspired them to retrospect and change
never again consider being a Christian, but the way of approach in ‘Evangelism’.
rather adopt what he found in Christianity
and its founder Jesus Christ.
“If Jesus came to earth again. He would
disown many things that are being done
In a speech to Women Missionaries in 28 in the name of Christianity,”
July 1925, he said, “…although I am myself
not a Christian, as an humble student of Gandhi said during his meeting with an
the Bible, who approaches it with faith English missioner.
and reverence, I wish respectfully to place
before you the essence of the Sermon on Here I am remembered of Sadhu Sundar
the Mount...There are thousands of men Singh who is said to have done more to
and women today who, though they may “indigenize” the churches of India than any
not have heard about the Bible or Jesus figures in the twentieth century.
have more faith and are more god fearing
than Christians who know the Bible and “You have offered us Christianity in a Western
who talk of its Ten Commandments...”
cup... Give it to us in an Eastern bowl and we
will drink of it,” is a famous statement by Singh,
18

5TALENTS MAGAZINE

May-July 2014

who converted from Sikhism to Christianity
after his personal experience with Jesus, who
appeared in his room on one morning in the
year 1905, when he was just fifteen years old.
Stanley Jones once asked Gandhi:
“How can we make Christianity naturalized
in India, not a foreign thing, identified
with a foreign government and a foreign
people, but a part of the national life of
India and contributing its power to India’s
uplift?”
Gandhi responded with great clarity, “First,
I would suggest that all Christians,
missionaries begin to live more like Jesus
Christ.

Shiloh Global Solutions is to enable
individuals to pursue a global education
that best meets their individual career
aspirations in a good and conductive
environment for study.

Learn English

Second, practice it without adulterating it
or toning it down.
Third, emphasize love and make it your
working force, for love is central in
Christianity.

Canadian trained teachers (ESL)
with a wide range of international experience in teaching
English and training individuals,
along with a well trained team
will facilitate.

Fourth, study the non–Christian religions
more sympathetically to find the good
that is within them, in order to have
a more sympathetic approach to the
people.”

Study in Canada
Canada has one of the best and
most respected education systems
in the world. Valuable Canadian
hands-on work experience can be
gained during and after completion
of studies. It is economically sound
and has a very multi-cultural society.

“Therefore it is very important for
christians to practise christianity among
the non-believers so that they can know
the real love of lord jesus”

Contact Administrator
Hyderabad, India: 970 082 2149
Overseas, Canada: 416 502 3777

www.ShilohGlobal.com
May-July 2014

5TALENTS MAGAZINE

19

Congratulation to
TRICHOS!!!
Life Style Awards 2014 was declared
by Prime Time Research Pvt. Ltd.
This award function was organized
to felicitate excellence, reputation
and exemplary work of different
organizations and individuals in
medical sector. TRICHOS Hair
Transplant Institute & Research
Center TM has won the title “Best
Hair Transplant Clinic in South India”.
The guest of honour for the event
were Son of Late Sri Lal Bahadur
Shastri – Former PM of India, Anil
Kumar Shastri – Former Finance
Minister of India, Smt. Sudha
Yadav – Member of Parliament, BJP.
, Padmabhushan Dr. Mrityunjay
Athreya – Father of Indian
20

Management, and Justice J. D. Kapoor
– Supreme Court Justice who gave
away the awards and trophies to
the title holders in their respective
categories.
The award function was organized
in New Delhi on 19th July 2014 at
Holiday Inn.
TRICHOSTM is proud to receive
the award, we want to thank to the
organizer, our staffs and the clients
who has undergone the advanced
procedures of Hair Transplant and it
is their support that we received this
award. We are dedicated towards
“excellence, innovation, dedication
and best ethical practices”.

5TALENTS MAGAZINE

May-July 2014

May-July 2014

5TALENTS MAGAZINE

21

franchise

Jaya school of
education

Gain Expertise, Get Equipped for Life

o pp o r t u n i t i e s
for
“women”
“Jaya School of Education offers Franchise
for its Life Skills Programs to Women Only”

Want to Start Your Own Business?
Want to become Financially Independent?
Are You Passionate about starting ‘Something
New’ which will Impact Lives of Students?

Jaya School Offers Franchise to Women
Entrepreneurs. Encouraging women to
expand their business though our Expert
Skill Development Programs

LOW
INVESTMENT
HIGH
RETURNS!
An Excellent Opportunity to become Independent
and start your own business.
An All Women’s team Working to build Women
Entrepreneurs!
An Enviroment to develop yourself and on
Excellent Opportunity to help others by providing
Employment Oppurtunities and to Influence many
Students Positively to Build Confidence for Life.
The Franchisees will recover their inverstments

quite early due to the marketing support, the
goodwill and quality of the programs in the
market. We have our franchisees that are doing
very well after partnering with us and are able to
make good profits. Individuals who are willing to
start their own business, but have been holding
back on lack of confidence, can be assured of
talking our franchise and building their own team
and run the business. Our own franchisees are
witnesses to the fact that you can achieve success
and become a blessing to many.

JAYA SCHOOL OF EDUCATION
CONTACT: 9246812148, 9490373853, 040-23322012
w w w . 5 T a l e n t sMay-July
M A G . c2014
om
5Talentswww.jayachoolofeducation.co
Magazine Oct 2013 5TALENTS MAGAZINE
22 22

Sarah Bridals

Memories Made To Last A Lifetime

We specialize in Wedding
Gowns, Imported Wedding Veils,
Bridemaids Dresses,Flower-girl
Dresses, Baskets, Halos, Suit
Boutannaires, Corsages, Unity
candles and all other Wedding
accessories.

Contact:
3-5-807/1/c/1, Hyderguda,
Hyderabad - 500 029, AP, India
We also undertake Church
Phone: 91-81061-09469
Decorations and Catering.
Soujanayasunil@gmail.com
www.SarahBridals.net23
May-July 2014
5TALENTS MAGAZINE

www.5TalentsMAG.com

24

5TALENTS MAGAZINE

May-July 2014

