Interview

Technology

Movie Review

Questions?

issue 4 OCTOBER 2012

discovering talents for gods’ kingdom

Maria
Clara

painting for jesus

THINK OF THESE
THINGS. pHIL 4:6
why god allows
problem in our life?
PANDITA RAMABAI:
INDIAN SOCIAL REFORMER

editorial

and principles of family
life. You may
be tempted
to become
unfaithful to
your spouse,
but learn to
Everything has got certain basic princi- apply brake
to your lust,
ples. Unless the basic principles are followed, it will be very difficult to achieve seeing the
RED light
the required and expected result. In
ahead you.
the same manner, for a happy and
Do not force
successful life, every one has to follow
your mind and eyes to read the RED
some basic principles in life. We need
signal as GREEN, as this can endanger
wisdom and understanding to know
these principles along with a desire and your family life. A diabetic patient can
not eat whatever he wants. He need to
will to follow the principles for a victoricontrol his diet. All that glitters are NOT
ous life.
gold and all that we eat are not sweet.
There could be some sugar coated
A driving student will first learn the ABC
capsules which may sweeten your lips
of driving before he takes the vehiclebut are bitter after chewing.
Accelerator, Brake and Clutch. A person who learns the proper use of these
Never say YES when you want to say
A-B-C- will be given licence to drive a
vehicle. Almost all accidents are the re- NO. We should know our limits. Never
proceed when you feel the light is RED.
sult of improper use of these A-B-Cs by
any of the driver. We can increase the Apply brake to your mind whenever is
required. We should be able to control
speed of the vehicle by accelerating
it, but should not forget to apply brakes our mind as a horse is controlled by the
when you come across junctions or see bit and girdle. We should learn to apply
a RED signal. Violation of the traffic rules A-B-C to our THOUGHTS, WORDS and
ACTIONS for a happy and successful
can lead us to accidents.
life.
Life is also like this. We have every freeKing Solomon Says, “ Wisdom is sudom to lead our life as we wish, but
preme, therefore get wisdom. Though
there are some rules to be followed
it cost all you have, get understanding.
and some A-B-Cs to be used. We will
be tempted to go very fast in the mod- I guide you in the way of wisdom and
ern EXPRESS track in life, but make sure, lead you along straight paths. When
you walk, your steps will not be hamthe rules are not violated. We may use
pered and when you run you will not
many methods to become rich very
stumble. Do not set foot on the path of
fast, but see that it is not achieved
the wicked”- (Proverbs 4: 7-15).
at the cost of somebody’s future or
through some unlawful ways.
May God Bless you.
We can enjoy life as much as we want,
Premasis Satman
but always remember the basic ethics
Executive Director

A B C’s
of Life

2

5Talents Magazine

Table of Contents
cOVER FEATURE

Talent Search # 5

Featuring Maria Clara, a hyderabad
based artist who has discovered her
talent to use her creativity to make
biblical painting which helps her to
share the Gospel to the world. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 4

Infographic

Think of these things
Discribing eight things that God wants us to think
about it.
............................ 8

October Baby

Movie Review

A college freshman’s world is rocked when she learns
she is the adopted survivor of an attempted abortion.
On a journey to discover her hidden past and find hope
for her unknown future, Hannah discovers that Every Life
is Beautiful.
. . . . . . . . . 20

Missionary Story
Pandita Ramabai - Indian Social Reformer
Pandita Ramabai was a scholar, poet, visionary
and an eminent social reformer. She has translated

Bible into marathi language.

. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 16

articles
Why God allows problem in our life? . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 10
What is the Christian view of smoking?. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 12
Is smoking sin?
- www.gotaquestions.org
Waiting on God: The God of our Salvation . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 14
- Andrew Murray
October 2012

3

Ma r i a
Clara

painting
for
jesus

deepakshi SATMAN

We are so glad to meet Maria Clara,
a Hyderabad based artist, who has
discovered her talent to use her
creativity to make biblical painting
which helps her to share the Gospel
to the world.
Her paintings were exhibited several
times in the churches and in public auditoriums. She has also been
features in the leading news papers
4

5Talents Magazine

and TV media. She has found the joy
in playing with the colors where she
create arts from the events or a topic
from the Bible. When the non-believers asks her about the meaning of
the painting, she shares the word of
God throught it. Amazing isn’t it?
We thank Maria Clara for her time
and permission to interview her. May
God bless her exceedingly in her life.
Share it : www.5talents.in

5Talents: Hello Maria, Greetings from
5Talents, how are you?
Greetings to you and 5Talents readers in Jesus Name. Thank you for
featuring me on this magazine.
5Talents: When and how did you
come to faith in Christ Jesus as your
personal Saviour?
I come from a Roman Catholic Background and God in His grace had
a special plan for me and my family. We got acquainted with a neighbor, Mrs.Kavita who was a Hindu but
had accepted Jesus as her saviour.
She used to tell us about all that is
written in the Vedas with references
about Jesus being the Saviour of the
World. God also used her to open
our eyes that idols were not acceptable to Him. We as a family began
to thirst more to hear about the word
of God, instead of being ritualistic. I
received Jesus as my personal saviour on the 5th of November 1991
while attending a one day retreat
at the Hebron church, at Golconda X roads. I’m married to Ch.Sushil
Rao, a journalist for the Times of India and have a son Ch Nishan Sampreeth, studying in the tenth standard
at Little Flower High School, Uppal.
5Talents: Please share about the talents you have received from God?
God has been gracious and has
blessed me with the talent of painting.
5Talents: How and when did you discover your talent?
I strongly believe that nothing happens by accident or incidentally to
His children. In the year 2006 the company that I work for GENPACT organized a week’s workshop in oil painting,

glass painting & pottery. The training
was organized by Atiya Ahmed of Diara Art Gallery, Banjara Hills.I joined
the oil painting group and picked
up the basics from Artist Ashish. I did
a few paintings initially which were
not related to the Bible but one day
felt I should paint on Biblical subjects.
We have many friends coming home
with whom we wanted to share the
goodness of God but found it difficult
sometimes to bring up the topic. That
was when I realized that I could paint
the incidents in the Bible. Through the
paintings we share the word of God.

5Talents: How has Christ Jesus inspired
you in your art work?
Jesus is the central theme of all
my paintings. The idea behind
every painting is to tell the gospel - about how Jesus died on the
cross for our sins and rose again.
Though I just had basic knowledge
in painting, it is the Lord who guided me in creating the works of art.
God says, ‘My grace is sufficient for
you, for my power is made perfect
October 2012

5

in weakness’” (2 Cor 12:9). I attend
The King’s Temple regularly and every
week the teachings of my senior pastors, Pastor Samuel Raj Kumar Patta
and Pastor Merlyn Patta give me the
inspiration to work on new paintings.
Their teachings from the Bible give
me the ideas that can be put on canvas. But apart from that, it is only after my personal experience with God
in every situation that I create a new
painting. There is a painting of Daniel
in the Lion’s den. The contemporary
oil painting shows humans with faces
of lions. Daniel is relaxed in their presence. In every day situations, there
are people who might want to harm
us but when we trust in God, we can
be as relaxed and the Lord will shut
the mouths that are against you.
Another painting is of the woman in
the Bible who experiences a miracle as
the little oil that she has is poured into
several jars but it does not stop. She
was obedient to the prophet and she
experienced as miracle. So far I have

painted 68 incidents from the Bible.
I did my bit but God performed a great
miracle. The photographs of the paintings have been published worldwide.
AFP photographer Noah Seelam took
special interest in the paintings and
the photographs have appeared
in Forbes,The Day life,The Sun Daily,
The Wall Street, India Today, Hindustan Times among to name a few.
In what ways you can reach the people more in number with your talent?
I have held several exhibitions.
At Andhra Christian Theological
College,Hyderabad, the principal
Rev.Dr.Ch.Vasantha Rao and the
college management had organized a three-day exhibition in August
2011 which was visited by more than
300 people. I could explain the great
miracles of God and His love through
the paintings to several non-Christians
who had come. I was greatly honoured with the the visit of stalwarts like
Artist P Solomon Raj of Vijayawada
and Artist Jyothi Sahi of
Bangalore to my art
gallery at my home in
Nagole near Uppal in Hyderabad.
Another exhibition was organized by MLA Christine
Lazarus on the occasion
of UN World Women’s Day
at Hari Hara Kala Bhavan
in 2011.
Well-known artist P Narender Reddy invited me
to participate in an exhibition along with him at
Taj Deccan, Banjara Hills
where God gave me the

6

5Talents Magazine

Share it : www.5talents.in

opportunity to explain my paintings on my paintings, all of which have
and tell the gospel to chief minister N a purpose, reason and meaning.
Kiran Kumar Reddy and civil supplies
minister d Sridhar Babu.
5Talents: What would you say to the
one who are talented but are sad beI have also held an exhibition of my cause they are not given an opportupaintings at CSI Wesley Church, Mush- nity to use it... or the talent is not receerabad.
ognized by others?
I work for GENPACT and also take
Through all the exhibitions, I could care of my family but still take out
reach a lot of people telling about time to paint. It is not like a hobby or
God. Through my blog artistmaria- a pastime. It is a mission. One should
clara.blogspot.com also I have been make a beginning and do what
reaching a number of people. A few God has put in your heart. It is for
hundred people from all over the God to open doors and he will use
world have visited this blog and write every talent you have for His glory.
to me. I am encouraged through all
this to reach more people with the 5Talents: What would you say to someword of God through my paintings.. one who says “I am not very talented;
Recently, a visitor from Spain request- How could God use me?”
ed for some of my paintings to be God has a plan for each one of us.
used in a book he was writing. Mrs. He made this plan even before he
Usha Devapriyam and Br.Vijay Kumar laid the foundations of the earth. One
from the Aradhana TV have been should have the urge to do something
very encouraging and did an an hour for God and he will teach you how
long program about my paintings. to do it for him. The Bible says: `Call
I thank God for the opportunities He unto Me and I will answer you and
gives me to declare his greatness. will tell you great and unsearchable
things you do not know” (Jer. 33:3).
5Talents: What important lessons has He who created the heavens and the
the Lord taught you through your tal- earth will impart to us knowledge, ideent?
as resources, and favour to be used
I surrender every idea of painting to for Him. At another place, the Bible
God and it is through him that I create says, “We are like clay jars in which
each work.
this treasure is stored. The real power
comes from God and not from us.” (2
There are paintings on which I have Cor. 4:7). God will use us if we allow
worked for about 6 months. God has him to work through our weaknesses.
taught me to persevere and be disciplined. At times I have had to redo 5Talents: What else would you like to
the complete painting because of share with our readers?
a wrong combination of colour or God has blessed each of us with talstroke or the painting itself. My of- ents. Use it for Him. There is nothing
fice work keeps me busy but with de- that you do will go in vain.
termination I take out time to work
October 2012

7

(worthy of praise)

Acknowledgement of what deserve commendation.
“And it is my prayer that your
love may aboud more and
more, with knowledge and all
discernment... to the glory and
praise of God.” (PHILIPPIANS 1:9-11)

(EXCELLENCE)

moral goodness, graciousness
and virtue.
“But you are a chosen race, a
royal priesthood, a holy nation,
a people for his own possession, that you may proclaim
the excellencies of him who
called you out of darkness into
his marvelous light.” (1 PETER 2:9)

(commendable)

Worthy, kind and unlikely to
give offence.

(LOVELY)

Pleasing, acceptable and worthy of embrace.

8

5Talents Magazine

Share it : www.5talents.in

(true)

Thoughts, deeds and disposition
that accord with reality.
“Santify them in the truth; your
word is truth.” (JOHN 17:17)

(honorable)

Serious, respectable and dignified.
“Older men are to be soberminded, dignified, self-controlled,
sound in faith, in love and in
steadfastness.” (TITUS 2:2)

(JUST)

Righteous and innocent in the
eyes of God.
“Now it is evident that no one
is justified before God by the
law, for “The righteous shall
live by faith.” (GALATIANS 3:11)

(PURE)

Holy and pure and free from any
defilement.
“Let no one despise you for your
youth, but set the beloevers an
example in speech, in conduct, in
love in faith, in purity” (1 TIMOTHY 4:12)
Remake from www.challies.com

October 2012

9

Why God allows
problems in our
Life?
No one likes problems in life as it gives some kind of pain. But all the problems and pain can make us perfect and bring us more closer to God if we
take it in a positive attitude. There could be sickness, sadness, trials, troubles,
brokenness, sleepless nights etc. in our life. We must have asked many questions to God that why these all happen to me? We may have lost hope and
cursed our life and self.
But, it is a fact that nothing happens in our life without the knowledge of
God, especially in the lives of those who seek God with full heart. God permits such problems in our life with a definite purpose, which is our sanctification, edification and spiritual growth. Whenever we are upset and throw
many questions towards God, He has something to tell us. The following
could be some of the dialogue between God and we.

If you never had sickness and pain, how would you know that I am a healer.
If you never had to pray, how would you know that I am a deliverer.
If you never had a need, how would know that I am your provider.
If you never had a trial, how could you call yourself an overcomer.
If you never felt sadness, how do you know that I am a comforter.
If you never made a mistake, how do you know that I am a forgiver.
If you knew all, how do you know that I will answer your question.
If you never were in trouble, how do you know that I will come to rescue you.
If you never were broken, how do you know that I can make you whole.
If you never had a problem, how would you know that I can solve them.
If you never had any suffering, how would you know that I went through the
same.

10

5Talents Magazine

Share it : www.5talents.in

If you never went through the fire, how would you become pure.
If I gave you everything, how would you appreciate them.
If I never corrected you, how do you know that I love you.
If you had all power, how will you learn to depend on me.
If your life was perfect, then what would you need me for.
God Almighty declares, “ For my thoughts are not your thoughts, neither are
your ways my ways. As the heavens are higher than the earth, so are my
ways higher than your ways and my thoughts than your thoughts”
- Isaiah 55: 8-9.
Let us try to create a positive attitude towards all our problems.
Author: unknown

October 2012

11

What is the Christian
view of smoking? Is
smoking a sin?
12

5Talents Magazine

Share it : www.5talents.in

The Bible never directly mentions
smoking. There are principles, however, that definitely apply to smoking. First, the Bible commands us
not to allow our bodies to become
“mastered” by anything. “Everything is permissible for me—but not
everything is beneficial. Everything
is permissible for me—but I will not
be mastered by anything” (1 Corinthians 6:12). Smoking is undeniably
strongly addictive. Later in the same
passage we are told, “Do you not
know that your body is a temple of
the Holy Spirit, who is in you, whom
you have received from God? You
are not your own; you were bought
at a price. Therefore honor God with
your body” (1 Corinthians 6:19-20).
Smoking is undoubtedly very bad
for your health. Smoking has been
proven to damage the lungs and
the heart.
Can smoking be considered “beneficial” (1 Corinthians 6:12)? Can it
be said that smoking is truly honoring God with your body (1 Corinthians 6:20)? Can a person honestly
smoke “for the glory of God” (1 Corinthians 10:31)? We believe that the
answer to these three questions is a
resounding “no.” As a result, we believe that smoking is a sin and therefore should not be practiced by followers of Jesus Christ.
Some argue against this view by
pointing to the fact that many people eat unhealthy foods, which can
be just as addicting and just as bad
for the body. As an example, many
people are so helplessly addicted

to caffeine that they cannot function without their first cup of coffee in the morning. While this is true,
how does that make smoking right?
It is our contention that Christians
should avoid gluttony and excessively unhealthy eating. Yes, Christians are often hypocritical by condemning one sin and condoning
another, but, again, this does not
make smoking honoring to God.
Another argument against this view
of smoking is that many godly men
have been smokers, such as the
famous British preacher C.H. Spurgeon, who was known to smoke cigars. Again, we do not believe this
argument holds any weight. We believe Spurgeon was wrong for smoking. Was he otherwise a godly man
and fantastic teacher of God’s
Word? Absolutely! Does that make
all of his actions and habits honoring to God? No.
In stating that smoking is a sin, we
are not stating that all smokers are
unsaved. There are many true believers in Jesus Christ who smoke.
Smoking does not prevent a person
from being saved. Nor does it cause
a person to lose salvation. Smoking
is no less forgivable than any other
sin, whether for a person becoming
a Christian or a Christian confessing his/her sin to God (1 John 1:9).
At the same time, we firmly believe
that smoking is a sin that should be
forsaken and, with God’s help, overcome.

October 2012

13

The God of Our Salvation
ANDREW MURRAY

‘My soul waiteth only upon God;
from Him cometh my salvation.’
Psalm. 62: 1(R.V.).
If salvation indeed comes from God,
and is entirely His work, just as our
creation was, it follows, as a matter
of course, that our first and highest
duty is to wait on Him to do that work
as it pleases Him. Waiting becomes
then the only way to the experience
14

5Talents Magazine

of a full salvation, the only way, truly, to know God as the God of our
salvation. All the difficulties that are
brought forward as keeping us back
from full salvation, have their cause
in this one thing: the defective knowledge and practice of waiting upon
God. All that the Church and its
members need for the manifestation
of the mighty power of God in the
world, is the return to our true place,
Share it : www.5talents.in

the place that belongs to us, both in
creation and redemption, the place
of absolute and unceasing dependence upon God. Let us strive to see
what the elements are that make up
this most blessed and needful waiting
upon God: it may help us to discover
the reasons why this grace is so little
cultivated, and to feel how infinitely
desirable it is that the Church, that we
ourselves, should at any price learn its
blessed secret.

must be just as continuous and unbroken, as the breathing that maintains his natural life.
It is, then, because Christians do not
know in their relation to God of their
own absolute poverty and helplessness, that they have no sense of the
need of absolute and unceasing dependence, or of the unspeakable
blessedness of continual waiting on
God. But when once a believer begins to see it, and consent to it, that
he by the Holy Spirit must each moment receive what God each moment works, waiting on God becomes his brightest hope and joy. As
he appreciates how God, as God,
as Infinite Love, delights to impart His
own nature to His child as fully as He
can, how God is not weary of each
moment keeping charge of his life
and strength, he wonders that he
ever thought otherwise of God than
as a God to be waited on all the day.
God unceasingly giving and working;
His child unceasingly waiting and receiving: this is the blessed life.

The deep need for this waiting on God
lies equally in the nature of man and
the nature of God. God, as Creator,
formed man, to be a vessel in which
He could show forth His power and
goodness. Man was not to have in
himself a fountain of life, or strength,
or happiness: the everliving and only
living One was each moment to be
the Communicator to him of all that
he needed. Man’s glory and blessedness was not to be independent,
or dependent upon himself, but dependent on a God of such infinite
riches and love. Man was to have the
joy of receiving every moment out of
the fulness of God. This was his bless- “Truly my soul waiteth upon God;
edness as an unfallen creature.
from Him cometh my salvation.” First
we wait on God for salvation. Then
When he fell from God, he was still we learn that salvation is only to bring
more absolutely dependent on Him. us to God, and teach us to wait on
There was not the slightest hope of Him. Then we find what is better still,
his recovery out of his state of death, that waiting on God is itself the highbut in God, His power and mercy. It est salvation. It is the ascribing to Him
is God alone who began the work of the glory of being All; it is the experiredemption; it is God alone who con- encing that He is All to us. May God
tinues and carries it on each moment teach us the blessedness of waiting
in each individual believer. Even in on Him.
the regenerate man there is no power of goodness in himself: he has and
can have nothing that he does not
each moment receive; and waiting
on God is just as indispensable, and

“My soul, wait thou
only upon God!”
October 2012

15

pandita
ramabai
1858-1922

ELIZABETH CLAYTON

P

andita Ramabai was a scholar,
poet, visionary and an eminent
social reformer. She lived during the
times in India, when women were not
allowed to study or work and were also
considered lower than men. Child marriages were widespread and the child
widows were left to abuse and slavery
from the family and society. They lived
terrible lives filled with agony and pain.
Ramabai was born to High caste Hindu Brahmin named Anant Shastri. H e
was a social reformer and believed in
educating girls. When he was forty, he
had married a 9 year old girl. He was
very learned in Sanskrit and he read
the old Hindu Scriptures for livelyhood.
The Hindus would give money and
gifts to those who read the Scriptures
for them. In this way the family traveled
hundreds of miles on foot, never resting, and living a very simple life with
adequate food or clothing.

Her parents were getting ill and she
had her older brother Srinivas. One other sibling had passed away. The country went through a huge famine in that
time. There came a time when there
was no food at all for them to eat for
days. Sadly, in that destitute condition
too weak and sick, her father passed
away. Before dying he took Ramabai
and said, “Always go on in the path of
God. Always make it your aim to serve
God. I have given you into God’s keeping”. After this they travelled on, in few
months the same conditions took her
mother’s life.

Brother and sister were now left utterly
alone. Ramabai began to lose her faith
in the religion where she had suffered
so much. They decided to give up their
wanderings and come to Calcutta.
Here, they were welcomed by the Hindu priests as they too were high caste
Brahmins. They were amazed to hear
Ramabai read the Puranas in Sanskrit
Years went by, Ramabai was 13 now. So they bestowed her with the highest
16

5Talents Magazine

Share it : www.5talents.in

known title of “Pandita” (Scholar).
The more, she studied the Hindu Scriptures; she became more unhappy and
restless as she could not find peace
and God. After all the struggles and
pain she went through, his brother became ill and died too. Now, she was all
alone in this world and so decided to
marry. There was a lawyer who was not
a Brahmin but was from a lower caste
called “Shudras”, he loved Ramabai
and had asked her to marry him. So
they both got married.
One day Ramabai saw a small book in
his husband’s library called the “Gospel of St. Luke”. It was in Bengali and
she read it to the end. When she inquired about it to her husband, he said
he had got it from the mission school.
She wanted to know more and so her
husband let a missionary come to their
home to explain her about the book.
This went on for some days, she felt
very peaceful by reading this book.
And she wanted to become a Christian which her husband would never
agree to.
Just after 18 months of their marriage,
Ramabai’s husband encountered
Cholera and he died. They had a
beautiful daughter named Manorama
(joy of the heart).
As a Hindu widow, she had no place
in her husband’s home so she took her
daughter and set forth to go to her
home state and came to Pune. Ramabai studied English here and also wrote
a book called “Morals for women”.
One day, when Ramabai was reading
in her home a little child widow came
to her door. She was very sick. She had
nowhere to go. Ramabai took her in-

side and cared for her. She took in this
child like her own daughter. Now she
knew what she had to do. She wanted
to start a home for such widows where
they will be loved and care for. Fired by
this thought she tried to raise the necessary money but no one would give
her any. She had so little of her own.
It was a time of great disappointment
for her.
But she had made friends with an English missionary Miss Hurford during that
time. She was going home back to
England and suggested that Ramabai can accompany her. Ramabai’s
book had bought in little money, just
enough to pay the passage for her
and Manorama. Ramabai was very
afraid crossing the ocean and go to
a foreign land. But she knew that God
was calling her and she had to go.
In England Ramabai and her daughter went with Sister of Mercy at Wantage. Here she found that her long pilgrimage to find God is over when she
felt the love and compassion of Jesus
Christ.

“A life committed
to Christ has
Nothing to Fear
Nothing to Loose
Nothing to regret”
- Pandita Ramabai
October 2012

17

From here she came to America. She
found American people very enthusiastic and helpful. She started educating the West about the conditions of
women in India. American women offered to help with her plan to start the
home for widows. They formed Ramabai Association and promised that if
she would start a school for the young
widows they would help for 10 years.
Ten years seemed like a life time to
her. She returned to India overjoyed
to start her mission. When she came to
Bombay (now Mumbai) she was welcomed by her old friends. She would
herself travel around the country and
bring back young girls who are widows
suffering in pain and agony.
Ramabai had seen some land a little far
from Pune in Kedgaon and brought it
for the girls to stay. She started a school
called “Sharda Sadan” (House of
knowledge) in which she taught reading, writing, history and nature study.
She started here with 20 girls. Ramabai
herself set out to bring children who
are hungry and begging. She brought
back 200 of them. She built huts and
let the new girls stay.

Ramabai also got 2 helpers, one Indian and other English, who shared
her burden with helping young girls.
She systematically taught the older
girls first who in turn would take charge
and help the younger girls. Gradually
she had 2000 girls living in Mukti Mission
(The home of Salvation).
For 20 years Pandita Ramabai went on
working and caring for her large family. She passed away on 5th April, 1922.
It has been more than 100 years since
she started a humble beginning of
Mukti Mission. Her vision still continues
in the lives of many women and young
girls today who have found hope and
new life at Mukti Mission. Ramabai
translated the Bible into Marati language. Thus, she ran a good race by
having faith and commitment in every
work she did.

In recognition of her contribution to the
advancement of Indian women, the Government of India issued a commemorative stamp.

WE STRONGLY BELIEVE
That the Bible is the inspired and infallible word of the Living God; that it is the only
source of reliable divine revelation about God for man, and the foundation of our
faith, doctrine, and way of life
In the veracity of- the doctrine of the Trinity; the divinity of our Lord and Savior Jesus
Christ as the Son of the Living God; His virgin Birth; His Redemptive work on the Cross;
His Resurrection; His present-day ministry; and of His second coming
In the ministry of the Holy Spirit: His indwelling presence in every born-again Christian;
His baptism of the Believer for service in Christian ministry; and His work in the believer
for fruitfulness, and Christ-like character development
In the doctrine of man’s sinfulness by nature, and the need for salvation only through
Jesus Christ our Savior and Lord
In the scripturally sanctioned divine sacraments of water baptism and communion; as
divine imperatives after conversion
In the doctrine of the Church as the universal body of Christ comprising all born-again
Christians; and also in its physical and local manifestation as an assembly of bornagain Christians gathering for fellowship with the Lord and one another
In a Christ-like life of fruitfulness in character and service that reflects Holiness, Wisdom,
Faith, Love, Integrity, Submissiveness, Discipline (Self-denial), Purposefulness, and Hope

DISCOVERING TALENTS FOR GODS’ KINGDOM

GOALS

OBJECTIVE METHODS

Promote programs, ventures, and events
that exalt the name and work of Jesus
Christ our Lord; to help bring more people to repentance and fellowship with
Him

Publish a non-denominational monthly magazine at the beginning of every
month, which will be given away free
of charge that will be called 5Talents
Magazine(digital edition); to serve as our
primary medium for achieving our goals

Create awareness about spiritual and
physical tools, facilities, venture, programs, and fora available to believers in
the Lord Jesus Christ; to help them prosper in their Christian pilgrimage
Promote the healthy growth of the
church of the Lord Jesus Christ by helping to increase and deepen believers’
knowledge of the word of God through
the propagation of sound doctrine; and
by stirring up the body of Jesus Christ (His

Design and make available to the readers of the magazine a web-site where
they can access further information in
addition to what is published in the magazine
Advertise churches, ministries, programs,
events, and ventures (e.g. books, projects, movies, CDs, and etc) that promote the name and work of Jesus Christ
with sound doctrine in 5Talents Magazine
at the beginning of every month
October 2012

19

movie

20

5Talents Magazine

Share it : www.5talents.in

movie
A beautiful college freshman’s life
turns upside-down when she learns
she was adopted... after a failed
abortion attempt. As Hannah embarks on a journey in search of answers and healing, she’ll discover the
power of forgiveness and how life
can be so much more than what you
have planned.
October Baby is an intensely human
film about friendship and finding more
beauty than you bargained for. But
this film is even more than that - it tells
a compelling story inspired by numerous true stories of abortion survivors.
October Baby honestly and evenhandedly invites audiences to explore
their own views of life’s value and the
importance of their choices.
This movie has the potential for great
healing and changed lives. Go out
and see it right away. It is visually
beautiful and tells a story from a
unique prospective. This is the kind
of movie we need to tell Hollywood
to make more of--Good moral value and done with excellence. The
music is beautiful, the soundtrack is
wonderfully orchestrated and the
Erwin Brothers shot the film in a way
that draws you into the story. New
comer, Rachel Hendrix, could not
have acted this film better. I would
have thought she had been acting
for years based on her stellar performance. Jasmine Guy showed a
whole new range of acting talent,
and John Schneider truly shines as
the main character’s father. This is a
must see.

There are so many
people in deep emotional pain. This
movie heals and
gives us hope with
humor and gentleness. I recommend
it to everyone. Even
though we aren’t
all going through the
same thing as the
main characters in
the movie, the under
lying messages apply to us all and are
very helpful.

Released the Sequel on
18th September 2012 “The Encounter: Paradise
Lost”
October 2012

21

DISCOVERING TALENTS FOR GODS’ KINGDOM

PUBLISHER
Sharon Prayer Fellowship & Ministries
Nacharam, Hyderabad
ADVISOR
Rev. K. Stephen (President of SPFM)
Rev. Ms. M. G Basanti
EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR
Premasis Satman
INTERVIEW EDITOR
Deepakshi Satman

Invitation
for Guest
Columnist
5Talents welcomes for volunteered writers who are passionate
about Jesus Christ and sharing His
message of truth with the world.
We are now open to receive articles on Christian topic relative to
talents, lifestyle, doctrinal messsage or stories.
Please submit your article or story
to premasis@5talents.in
Note: The content will be review
by the board and if it is approved
it will be scheduled to published in
future issues.
© ALL RIGHT RESERVED

DESIGN DIRECTOR
Pankaj Kumar Nayak
CREATIVE MANAGER
Elizabeth Clayton
5Talent Magazine is a digital magazine
published monthly.
MISSION STATEMENT
Promote increase in membership, and
growth in character, of the Church of Jesus Christ through the publication and advertisement of programs and ventures that
fulfill the great commission and propagate
sound doctrine.
ADVERTISING
To advertise in 5Talents Magazine, email us
premasis@5talents.in
5Talents Magazine grants permission for
any original article to be quoted provied
5Talents Magazine is indicated to be the
source. For use of an entire article permission must be granted. Please contact
premasis@5talents.in
CONTACT
5TALENTS, c/o Premasis Satman, LIGH-36,
APHB Colony, Moulali, Hyderabad- 40
Phone: +91 9032690627
October 2012

22

