Interview

Technology

Movie Review

Questions?

issue 3 september 2012

discovering talents for gods’ kingdom

won 8 gold
medals in
music and
an electronic
engineer

blind musician

bhaskar rao

are you a prophet
or a puppet?
workforce
in royal palace
George Muller:
Father of 10k orphans

editorial

happy :)
sad :(
happy :)
Twelve diciples enjoyed the great
miracle day, when Jesus fed five thousands men besides women and children. The orginal purpose of Jesus and
his diciples is to have rest in a deserted
place after the burial of John the Baptist. But suprisingly the plan was spread
accross the surrouding villages and
people already gathered near Bethsaida.

again a happy :) time.
Yes, we might be going with same
situtaion sometime happy or sad, but
we must know that in all these times,
Jesus is not far from us. we have see His
glory before and He is always with us.
Your are fighting with the storm, might
be in your family or workplace, remember sad time will not last, He is coming to your boat and the strom has
to obey. As he has compassion and
cared to the five thousaned uninvited
guest, surely He will deal with our issues
too.
May God Bless you.

In the evening when Jesus relalised
everyone are hungry, He did the miracle to feed everyone. The crowd had
plenty to eat, they thanked and the
people went to their homes. The diciples experienced the excitement and
testified the miracle. This was a happy
:) ending.
But the very next night...
The twelve diciples were on a boat
heading towards Gennesaretin where
they encountered a storm. The ship
was in the midst of the sea, it was toiling and rowing; for the wind was contrary to them. The diciplese were terrified and frightened. This was a sad :(
time.
Jesus saw their situation and said “Be
of a good cheer: it is I; be not afriad.”
Disciples got relaxed when they heard
their master’s voice. Jesus went in the
boat and the storm stopped. This was
2

5Talents Magazine

Share it : www.5talents.in

Table of Contents
cOVER FEATURE

Talent Search # 4

Featuring V. Bhaskar Rao, a born
blind who took the challenge to
prove that even a blind is capable
of doing any work. His source of
strenght is in Christ the Lord! . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 4

Infographic

Fruit of the Spirit
Discribing its common english meaning and the
related Bible verse.
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 16

The Encounter

Movie Review

5 strangers with nothing in common are forced to come
together at a remote roadside eatery because of a
road closure. They place their orders with the diner’s
omniscient owner, who seems to know everything about
them... and claims he is Jesus.
. . . . . . . . . 20

Missionary Story
George Muller - Father of 10k orphans

A Christian evangelist and coordinator of orphanages
in Bristol, England who cared for and educated 10,024
orphans throughout his lifetime. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 18

articles
Are you a Prophet or a Puppet? . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 8
- Premasis Satman
Workforce in Royal Palace . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 10
- Rev. Gabriel Ghanta
What does the Bible say about tattoos . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 14
and body piercings?
- www.gotaquestions.org
September 2012

3

blind musician

bhaskar rao
won 8 gold
medals in
music and
an electronic
engineer
4

5Talents Magazine

DEEPAKSHI SATMAN

Bhaskar Rao is a born blind but, capable of doing anywork as a normal person does. He is a multi-talent
and a music composer. He holds a
diploma in electronic and can work
with electronic equipments. 5Talents
team got an opportunity to interview
him. Inspite of his busy schedule, he
spared his time with us with sharing
his wonderful testimony and encouring words.
Share it : www.5talents.in

However, despite his inability to
see, he stepped up to the task and
instead of concentrating on the
sight that he lacked, he focused
on the senses and health that he
did have and raised himself as an
educated, well-rounded, talented man who has touched many
people through not only his life,
also through his amazing music
ministry.
Bhaskar has fun wherever he goes.
He is a laid-back person who is
very easy to get along with. Children flock to him and he is happy
to answer any question they have
about his blindness. But most of all,
Bhaskar is a wonderful influence in
the lives of so many people. Because of him, many people have
given their lives to Jesus and that
is what drives him to keep doing
what he does.
He has inspired both blind and
sighted people to realize what
they have instead of looking at
what they do not have. Things
have not always been easy for
Bhaskar, but he says that God has
provided for him whenever he has
needed. Bhaskar hopes to continue his music career into his lifetime
for as long as he can. He is thankful to have lived such a full life already, and looks forward to what
is ahead.

5Talents: Hello Mr. Bhaskar, Greetings
from 5Talents, how are you?.
Praise the Lord! Let all glory be to the
Lord, today whatever I am is because
of Him.
5Talents: What are the talents you got?
I did diploma in music in western,
karnatake and Hindustani, did M.A.
in Flute specialization, can play various musical intruments, like, keyboard,
trumpet, saxophne, clarinet, guitar,
tabla, mridangam and mouth organ.
I speak and sing in ten languages. I
can create more than 300 mimicry
voices.
I completed my Electronic Engineering and can replace micro chip IC’s
with led balls of the electronics.
5Talents: Wow! that is amazing. Being
a blind person how is it possible?
People who have vision think that
blind people are useless and not
capable of doing any work. But to
overcome their opinion, I decided to
take a step which would prove them
wrong.
My father died when I was five, till the
age of ten, I was just sitting in a corner
of a room like a doll and useless. But, I
was listening to music which is the only
source of knowledge and pleasant
to me. I got the strong desire to learn
music and the world.
One day a pastor met me and asked
me if I wanted to study at school and I
agreed. He enrolled me in the Lutheran School for Blind at Guntur. My life

September 2012

5

changed from a hopeless blind into
a tranformed new person. I learned
Brailie - a system of raised dots which
can be read by touch. I did 6 years
of diploma in music and further I also
did Electronic engineering.

bHASKAR RAO
HAS MASTERED
IN 20 MUSICAL
INSTRUMENTS

5Talents: When did you receive Jesus
Christ as your personal saviour?
Surprisgly, even though I studied in a
Christian school, I hated Christians.
I was bought up in an upper caste
family where we worship many gods
and goddess. So, I though that Jesus
is a lower caste god and why should I
accept this god?
But, one day I realized that I had
no relationship with the gods I worshipped in my past life. The priest at
the temple didn’t even know me
but this pastor cared about me and
my life. As I learnt more about Jesus
Christ and His sacrifice for my sins and
for entire world sin, I began to put my
faith in Him and started believing Him
as only God. I also learnt that, Jesus
Christ is the resurrection and He has
resurrected power where no other
man, gods or goddesses has that
power. I accepted Jesus as my personal savior and Lord and submitted
my life to Him.
Today, I proudly say that blind man
like me is capable of doing everything because I have achieved it in
my life through Jesus Christ. It is not
me who is doing those things but, it is
God who works in me. Whatever I do
now, it’s not me but, Jesus Christ in
me is doing those mighty things.
5Talents: How do you use your talents
to glorify Jesus?
Currenty I am a music composer for
6

5Talents Magazine

Share it : www.5talents.in

HE CAN SPEAK
AND SING IN TEN
LANGUAGES.

a Christian organisation - VishwaVani.
I attend musical programme and
gospel meetings to sing and play for
the Lord. I am specially concerned
about youth, mostly I was invited to
speak and encourge among the
youth. I am a professional keybaord
tutor for western music, students
come to me to learn music and vocals. I repair keyboard of any brands
specially church instuments are
brough to me.
5Talents: How do you encourage the
people who have not discovered
their talents or they would get discouraged from others?
Actually, a person knowing their talent is a specialty. And after discovering the talent, they would use that
talent for the Lord’s kingdom only
after they surrender their life to Christ.
Without giving one’s life to God a
person will never think to use their
talent for God, because worldly we
would earn lot of money through the
talent.
Dear readers, If you are handicapped, don’t despair or don’t be
discouraged. Take a step toward
Jesus and have faith in Him. He will
surely tranform your life to the great
heights as He has done in my life.
Today, I am a transformed Bhaskar
Rao and God has blessed me with a
good wife, children and a status in
the society.
It has been 27years till now; I am using all these talents for His kingdom
and for His glory and will be continuing till the end.
May God Bless you. Amen

September 2012

7

Are you a Prophet
or a Puppet?
In 9 years of ministry, I see Christian
ministry leaders often fall into these
categories. A prophet is someone
who says what God is saying and
does what God is doing. In contrast,
there is the puppet.
Puppets have someone or something else pulling the strings of their
life.
Sometimes it’s the squeaky wheel,
in a Christian organization, the
managers that never want to leave
their chairs, constantly complain8

5Talents Magazine

PREMASIS SATMAN

ing about preferences. They choose
what kind of executives they want to
work with, to whom they can control,
and how to get work from them but
limit their talents.
Some managers hold their position for ages, how? When you are
talented, innovative, creative, and
have leadership portraits, they oppress your conduct, pull you down
and keep you in your place. Takes
credit for good things employees do,
but redirects blame when something
goes wrong. This is just a glance of a

Share it : www.5talents.in

people will automatically know the
best direction based on following their
feelings. God rejects this idea, and
So, let us see who is the Puppet?
instead advances the idea of leadership and authority. In his view, we
The supreme leader of the organization! And they make decisions on the often need outside direction on which
manager’s preferences or their own. way to go. Aside from what believers
can learn directly from God’s word, or
Leaders need to lead out of principle, what they hear from his inner promptings
not preference.
Christian workplace today.

Biblical guidance is important in ministry, but we are still left to apply biblical teaching in area after area, and
If you allow those with the preferenc- these are often judgment calls requires to make the rules, then not only are ing wisdom and experience. Success in ministry can often lead to the
you a puppet, but according to the
Bible, you have become a judge, thus wrong conclusions. We may conclude
asking God to move off of His throne that because of our success, our ministry methods must be on a especially
and let you sit there with your heart
correct.
that has evil intentions.
Leaders need to program services by
principle, not preference.

Meanwhile, our success may be the
result of something completely different. Our attribution of success to our
superior methods is wrong, but we
usually have no way of knowing that
We have all struggled between the
role of prophet and puppet at times. until we fail using those same “miracle
methods.” The experience of failure
One of the clearest cases in the Bible throws us into state of amazement
and disillusionment, and this confused
is that of Elijah. On the mountaintop,
state of mind is exactly what God
he was God’s man calling down fire
needs to bring us out of our ego-drivfrom heaven, proving to his generation that God was indeed God. Then en paradigm. Only then can we listen
to new ideas, new ways of explaining
he hears word that Jezebel is after
him. He went from prophet to puppet past success, and engage in original
just like that, literally running for his life, thinking for the future to make right
decisions.
and falling under a tree, praying he
would die.
We must cut ourselves free from those
people, as well as preferences that
Biblical leadership includes direction
control and manipulate us in making
from above. David says, “He makes
right decisions.
me lie down in green pastures; He
leads me beside quiet waters... He
We must be willing to lead and be
guides me in the paths of righteousthe prophet not a puppet!
ness.” (Ps. 23:2,3) The world assumes
Yet, for others, they allow controlling
personalities or the spirit of Jezebel to
lead their life and ministry.

September 2012

9

Workforce
in Royal
Palace
Workers of King
The king need effecient worker to do
some special tasks in the palace. The
worker should be very sincere, honest
and hard worker. Every worker have
their own duties and responsibilities.
Below are the some of the examples
of king’s man who are appointed
to perform their duties and responsibilities in the royal palace. They are
compared with the Kingdom of God,
where everyone of us have to take
the responsibily in His palace.

Soilders

-

Pastors

“Endure hardship with
us like a good soldier of
Christ Jesus.” 2Tim 2:3

They work for king and fight for
king to extend the kingdom. They
guard the king’s palace day and
night. Similarly, pastors work for
the king and fight to establish His
kingdom on earth. They also guard
His palace 24*7 which is called
“Church”.
10

5Talents Magazine

“...He is Lord of lords
and King of kings and with him will be
his called, chosen
and faithful followers.” Rev. 17:14

Watchman - Prayer Warrior
“Son of man, I have made
thee a watchman unto
the house of Israel: therefore hear the word at my
mouth, and give them
warning from me.” Eze 3:7

Watchman are of as early a date as
cities, robbers and wars. Jerusalem
and other cities had regular guards
night and day. Prayer warriors are
like watchman. They guard the palace (church) by praying. They pray
for individial, their families, for sick
and for salvation.
Share it : www.5talents.in

Messengers - Evangelists Potters - Women fellowship
“... which are now reported
unto you by them that have
preached the gospel unto
you with the Holy Ghost sent
down from heaven.”
1Pet 1:12

Messengers are present to bring
and carry news for king. Messengers also act as communicators between people and the king. Messengers represent evangelists who
are mediators between God and
the people on this earth. The regular Hebrew word for “messenger”
is mal’akh, the Greek aggelos. This
may be a human messenger or a
messenger of God, an angel.

“These were the potters
and those who dwell at
Netaim and Gederah;
there they dwelt with the
king for his work.”
1 Cron 4:23

Potters prepare vessels for king for
his use. They were probably brick
makers, perhaps potters also, who
had their dwelling in low grounds,
and fabricated the clay into pots
and bricks that was digged up in
forming fences in the king’s palace.
Women fellowship who are compared with potters prepare the
church kids, youth, elders and believers to be used in the church.

Musician - Worship Leaders Gardeners Sunday School Teachers
“... I acquired men and
women singers, and a
harem as well--the delights of the heart of
man.” Ecles 2:8

Musicians play instruments and
sing for the king in his royal palace.
Their job is to make king happy and
pleased, especially glorifying king.
Similarily, worship leaders are compared to musicians. Worship leaders lead the choir in church while
praise and worship. They magnify
the Lord for all the miracles He has
done. Worship leader connects the
congregation to the heaven in singing & worshiping.

“They made me keeper of
the vineyards.”
Song of Songs 1:6

The gardener plants varieties of
plants, herbs and crops in the king’s
garden. His duty is to check if the
plants are well rooted, watered
and fertilise the ground. The gardener is compared with the Sunday School Teacher and the plants
are compated with the students.
The Sunday School children should
be nurture with word of God and in
prayer.
September 2012

11

Administrator - Church Elders
“...the young men without any physical defect,
handsome, showing aptitude for every kind of
learning, well informed,
quick to understand, and
qualified to serve in the
king’s palace” Dan 1:4

Administrators govern the other
workers to work in the king’s palace. They assist the king in directs
or manages affairs, executes, or
dispenses, whether in civil, judicial,
political, or ecclesiastical affairs.
Church elders compared to an administaror who manages in the
church affairs, suporting the pastor
in managing the congregation.

Work for King
The workers work for the king to get
reward. Also to get the blessings from
the king. The workers of the king has
the same honor and respect what
the kings has. Our God is the king of
kings who not only care for His worker
but, He loves them who is now busy
preparing place in His kingdom.
Those who work in the kings palace,
will never have scarcity. They will be
given all the facilities which the king
posses.
In 1Kings 4:22,23 we now thousands
of workers of King solomon were given the best food and they were living
12

5Talents Magazine

“...God, the blessed
and only Ruler, the
King of kings and
Lord of lords,”
1 Timothy 6:15

a royal life. The kings always meet all
the physical, spiritial and social needs
of a worker.
There is a need of workers in the Kingdom of God. The Kings has called all
of us to be in His palace. His palace
need creative and hard workers, the
place is not for lazy people. There is
much to do for His Kingdom. Are you
ready to join the crew?
Let us involve in the Church of God.
King’s palace is nothing but CHURCH.
Let’s be a worker of the Church and
work for the king and live for king.

Rev. Gabriel Ghanta is a
theology lecturer in
Hyderabad. He provides
pastoral training throughout
south India.
He is skilled creative skit
writter and preaches over
christian TV channels.
Share it : www.5talents.in

WE STRONGLY BELIEVE
That the Bible is the inspired and infallible word of the Living God; that it is the only
source of reliable divine revelation about God for man, and the foundation of our
faith, doctrine, and way of life
In the veracity of- the doctrine of the Trinity; the divinity of our Lord and Savior Jesus
Christ as the Son of the Living God; His virgin Birth; His Redemptive work on the Cross;
His Resurrection; His present-day ministry; and of His second coming
In the ministry of the Holy Spirit: His indwelling presence in every born-again Christian;
His baptism of the Believer for service in Christian ministry; and His work in the believer
for fruitfulness, and Christ-like character development
In the doctrine of man’s sinfulness by nature, and the need for salvation only through
Jesus Christ our Savior and Lord
In the scripturally sanctioned divine sacraments of water baptism and communion; as
divine imperatives after conversion
In the doctrine of the Church as the universal body of Christ comprising all born-again
Christians; and also in its physical and local manifestation as an assembly of bornagain Christians gathering for fellowship with the Lord and one another
In a Christ-like life of fruitfulness in character and service that reflects Holiness, Wisdom,
Faith, Love, Integrity, Submissiveness, Discipline (Self-denial), Purposefulness, and Hope

DISCOVERING TALENTS FOR GODS’ KINGDOM

GOALS

OBJECTIVE METHODS

Promote programs, ventures, and events
that exalt the name and work of Jesus
Christ our Lord; to help bring more people to repentance and fellowship with
Him

Publish a non-denominational monthly magazine at the beginning of every
month, which will be given away free
of charge that will be called 5Talents
Magazine(digital edition); to serve as our
primary medium for achieving our goals

Create awareness about spiritual and
physical tools, facilities, venture, programs, and fora available to believers in
the Lord Jesus Christ; to help them prosper in their Christian pilgrimage
Promote the healthy growth of the
church of the Lord Jesus Christ by helping to increase and deepen believers’
knowledge of the word of God through
the propagation of sound doctrine; and
by stirring up the body of Jesus Christ (His

Design and make available to the readers of the magazine a web-site where
they can access further information in
addition to what is published in the magazine
Advertise churches, ministries, programs,
events, and ventures (e.g. books, projects, movies, CDs, and etc) that promote the name and work of Jesus Christ
with sound doctrine in 5Talents Magazine
at the beginning of every month
September 2012

13

What does the Bible say
about tattoos and body
piercings?
14

5Talents Magazine

Share it : www.5talents.in

The Old Testament law commanded the Israelites, “Do not cut your
bodies for the dead or put tattoo
marks on yourselves. I am the LORD”
(Leviticus 19:28). So, even though
believers today are not under the
Old Testament law (Romans 10:4;
Galatians 3:23-25; Ephesians 2:15),
the fact that there was a command
against tattoos should raise some
questions. The New Testament does
not say anything about whether or
not a believer should get a tattoo.
In relation to tattoos and body
piercings, a good test is to determine whether we can honestly, in
good conscience, ask God to bless
and use that particular activity for
His own good purposes. “So whether you eat or drink or whatever you
do, do it all for the glory of God” (1
Corinthians 10:31). The New Testament does not command against
tattoos or body piercings, but it also
does not give us any reason to believe God would have us get tattoos
or body piercings.
An important scriptural principle on
issues the Bible does not specifically
address is if there is room for doubt
whether it pleases God, then it is
best not to engage in that activity.
“But the man who has doubts is
condemned if he eats, because his

eating is not from faith; and everything that does not come from faith
is sin.”
Romans 14:23 reminds us that anything that does not come from
faith is sin. We need to remember
that our bodies, as well as our souls,
have been redeemed and belong
to God.
Although 1 Corinthians 6:19-20 does
not directly apply to tattoos or body
piercings, it does give us a principle:
“Do you not know that your body is
a temple of the Holy Spirit, who is in
you, whom you have received from
God? You are not your own; you
were bought at a price. Therefore
honor God with your body.”
This great truth should have a real
bearing on what we do and where
we go with our bodies. If our bodies belong to God, we should make
sure we have His clear “permission”
before we “mark them up” with tattoos or body piercings.
We have an issue with modesty. To
dress modestly means that the body
should be adequately covered by
clothing. We are not to draw attention to our self. Tattoos and body
piercing draw attention to ones self,
there may be many reasons but it’s
usually about standing out.

September 2012

15

LOve

benevolence, good will, esteem
Love is patient and kind; love does not envy or
boast; it is not arrogant or rude. It does not insist
on its own way; it is not irritable or resentful...
(1 Corintians 13:4-5)

joy

gladness, a source of joy
Though you do not now see him, you believe in
him and rejoice with joy that is inexpressible and
filled with glory...
(1 Peter 1:8)

peace

harmony, welfare, peace of mind
For he himself is our peace, who has made us
both one and has broken in his flesh the dividing
wall of hosility... that he might create in himself
one new man in place of the two, so making
peace... (Ephesians 2:14-15)

patience

forbearance, longsuffering
But I received mercy for the reason, that in me,
as the foremost, Jesus Christ might display his
perfect patience as an example to those who
were to believe in him for eternal life.
(1 Timothy 1:16)
16
16

5Talents Magazine
Magazine
5Talents

Share it
it :: www.5talents.in
www.5talents.in
Share

KINDNESS

uprightness, benignity, gentleness
But when the goodness and loving kindness of
God our Savior appeared, he saved us, not because of works done by us in righteousness, but
according to his own mercy... (Titus 3:4-5)

GOODNESS

intrinsic goodness and kindness
Walk as children of light (for the fruit of light is
found in all that is good and right and true...
(Ephesias 5:8-9)

faithfullness

belief, trust, confidence
Jesus said to him, “Recover your sight; your
faith has made you well.” And immediately he
recoved his sight and followed him, glorifying
God. (Luke 18:42-43)

gentleness

mildness, meekness, courtesy
Remind them... to be ready for every good work,
to speak evil of no one, to avoid quarreling, to be
gentle, and to show perfect courtesy toward all
people. (Titus 3:1-2)

self-control

self-mastery, self-restraint, continence
For this very reason, make every effort to suppliment your faith with virtue, and virtue with knowlwedge, and knowledge with self-control, and
self-control with steadfastness... (2 Peter 1:5-6)
September 2012

17

Man of Faith
& Miracle

ELIZABETH CLAYTON

G

eorge Müller (27 September 1805
– 10 March 1898), was born in
Kroppenstaedt a village near Halberstadt in the Kingdom of Prussia. Müller’s father was a collector of taxes.
He had an older brother, Friedrich
Johann Wilhelm and a half-brother,
Franz. His early life was not marked
by righteousness – on the contrary,
he was a thief, a liar and a gambler.
By the age of 10, Müller was stealing
government money from his father.
While his mother was dying, he, at 14
years of age, was playing cards with
friends and drinking.
Müller’s father hoped to provide him
with a religious education that would
allow him to take a lucrative position
as a clergyman in the state church.
He studied divinity in the University of
Halle, and there met a fellow student
who invited him to a Christian prayer
meeting. There he was welcomed,
and he began regularly reading the
Bible and discussing Christianity with
the others who attended the meetings. After seeing a man praying to
18

5Talents Magazine

George
Muller
God on his knees, he was convinced
of his need for salvation. As soon as he
got home he went to his bed where
he knelt and prayed. He asked God
to help him in his life and to bless him
wherever he went and to forgive him
of his sins. He immediately stopped
drinking, stealing and lying, and began hoping to become a missionary.
He began preaching regularly in nearby churches and continued meeting
with the other churches.
In 1828, Müller offered to work with
Jews in England through the London
Society for Promoting Christianity
Amongst the Jews, and arrived in London on 19 March 1829. He wrote to
the Society in early January, requesting that they might consider allowing
him to remain with them if they would
allow him “to labour in regard to time
and place as the Lord might direct
me”. This they refused to do at a
meeting on 27 January 1830, communicating this to Müller in writing, and
thus bringing to an end his association
with the Society. He moved from ExShare it : www.5talents.in

The work of Müller and his wife with
orphans began in 1836 with the prepmouth to Teignmouth and preached
several times for Craik, which led to a aration of their own home at 6 Wilson
Street, Bristol for the accommodation
number of the congregation asking
of thirty girls. Soon after, three more
him to stay and be the minister of the
houses in Wilson Street were furnished,
chapel of Ebenezer Chapel in Shalgrowing the total of children cared for
don, Devon, on a salary of £55 per
to 130. In 1845, as growth continued,
annum. On 7 October 1830, he married Mary Groves, the sister of Anthony Müller decided that a separate building designed to house 300 children
Norris Groves.
was necessary, and in 1849, at Ashley
Down, Bristol, that home opened.
Through all this, Müller never made
requests for financial support, nor did
he go into debt, even though the five
homes cost over £100,000 to build.
Many times, he received unsolicited
food donations only hours before they
were needed to feed the children, fur“ George Muller had truly
ther strengthening his faith in God. For
learned the lesson of beexample, on one well-documented
occasion, they gave thanks for breaking a good steward of
fast when all the children were sitting
God’s money. He went
at the table, even though there was
nothing to eat in the house. As they
from being a boy who
finished praying, the baker knocked
stole from his father and
on the door with sufficient fresh bread
to feed everyone, and the milkman
a young man who used
gave them plenty of fresh milk bewhatever means he could
cause his cart broke down in front of
to swindle money from
the orphanage.

his friends to a man God
trusted with a fortune, a
man who kept so little for
himself that when he died,
he had only one hundred
sixty pounds in his estate,
and most of that was the
value of a few pieces of
furniture.”

Thus, George Muller, a Christian evangelist and Director of the Ashley Down
orphanage in Bristol, England, cared
for 10,024 orphans in his life. He was
well known for providing an education to the children under his care, to
the point where he was accused of
raising the poor above their natural
station in life. He also established 117
schools which offered Christian education to over 120,000 children, many
of them being orphans.Müller prayed
about everything and expected each
prayer to be answered.
September 2012

19

movie

20

5Talents Magazine

Share it : www.5talents.in

movie
What would you do if you found yourself in a diner and the proprietor told
you he was Jesus? This story brings five
people face to face with our Lord. He
tells each one of them about their life,
what He wants for them, and what
they need to do. But do they believe
and are they truly listening? Because
what people want is not always what
they need or what God wants for
them.
This is an intriguing faith-filled story that
will make every Christian stop and
think about his or her own life. Filled
with lessons for everyone, this is an
inspirational story that will encourage
those that may have fallen on hard
times to examine the true condition of
their lives. It also lets them know that
the devil is always waiting on the sidelines to step in and have them follow
him instead of the One that has all the
answers.
Stranded in the middle of nowhere
five strangers find themselves marooned in a deserted roadside diner.
An arrogant businessman, (Steve
“Sting” Borden), a lonely single woman (Jaci Velasquez), a couple on
the verge of divorce, and a youthful
runaway all come face to face with
a diner owner who serves them more
than temporal nourishment. The genial host is a certain Nazarene, (Bruce
Marchiano) who knows all of their secrets and possesses the answer to all
of their problems - if only they would
trust him. It is a miraculous Encounter
that will change them all.

This was one of
the most refreshing Christian movies seen in a long
time. This movie
touched on real
questions that
everyone faces
and the hard
choices God makes
so that we might
ultimately be
saved. A powerful,
must-see movie!

Releasing the Sequel on
18th September 2012 “The Encounter: Paradise
Lost”
September 2012

21

DISCOVERING TALENTS FOR GODS’ KINGDOM

PUBLISHER
Sharon Prayer Fellowship & Ministries
Nacharam, Hyderabad
ADVISOR
Rev. K. Stephen (President of SPFM)
Rev. Ms. M. G Basanti
EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR
Premasis Satman
INTERVIEW EDITOR
Deepakshi Satman

Invitation
for Guest
Columnist
5Talents welcomes for volunteered writers who are passionate
about Jesus Christ and sharing His
message of truth with the world.
We are now open to receive articles on Christian topic relative to
talents, lifestyle, doctrinal messsage or stories.
Please submit your article or story
to premasis@5talents.in
Note: The content will be review
by the board and if it is approved
it will be scheduled to published in
future issues.
© ALL RIGHT RESERVED

DESIGN DIRECTOR
Pankaj Kumar Nayak
CREATIVE MANAGER
Elizabeth Clayton
5Talent Magazine is a digital magazine
published monthly.
MISSION STATEMENT
Promote increase in membership, and
growth in character, of the Church of Jesus Christ through the publication and advertisement of programs and ventures that
fulfill the great commission and propagate
sound doctrine.
ADVERTISING
To advertise in 5Talents Magazine, email us
premasis@5talents.in
5Talents Magazine grants permission for
any original article to be quoted provied
5Talents Magazine is indicated to be the
source. For use of an entire article permission must be granted. Please contact
premasis@5talents.in
CONTACT
5TALENTS, c/o Premasis Satman, LIGH-36,
APHB Colony, Moulali, Hyderabad- 40
Phone: +91 9032 690 627
September 2012

22

